Turmoil has engulfed the Galactic Republic.
The taxation of trade routes to outlying star systems is in dispute.
Hoping to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the greedy Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the small planet of Naboo.
While the Congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain of events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy, to settle the conflict…
Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum, leader of the Galactic Senate, has secretly dispatched two Jedi, Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan, Obi-Wan Kenobi, to serve as "the ambassadors" to the Federation flagship, in order to meet with Viceroy Nute Gunray and resolve the dispute.
Unknown to them, the Trade Federation is in league with the mysterious Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, who secretly orders Gunray to invade Naboo and kill the two Jedi upon their arrival.
When Gunray asked if that would be legal, Sidious says that he would ensure that it was.
The Viceroy locks the Jedi in the meeting room and attempts to kill them with poison gas while having their ship, the Radiant VII, destroyed in the hangar, but they escape.
After battling through squads of battle droids, Jinn and Kenobi make their way to the command deck where Gunray is located, shielding himself behind blast doors.
The Jedi are forced to flee upon the arrival of two Destroyer Droids and stow away aboard two separate Federation landing craft leaving for the surface of Naboo to begin the invasion.
Back in the command deck, Queen Amidala contacts Gunray to express her disapproval of their blockade, with Gunray explaining that they wouldn't have done it without the approval of the Senate.
When she asks about the ambassadors sent by the Chancellor, Gunray claims that they have received no such ambassadors, leaving Amidala startled and suspicious.
Gunray ends communications with her and informs his aide that they should disable all communications on the planet.
Meanwhile, Amidala is conversing with Senator Sheev Palpatine regarding the recent attempt at negotiations and how Gunray claimed that they did not receive any ambassadors.
Surprised, Palpatine states that he had assurances from the Chancellor that his ambassadors did arrive.
However, Palpatine is unable to finish his sentence as his hologram flickers out.
Naboo Governor Sio Bibble suspects that an interruption of communications is a sign that an invasion from the Trade Federation is imminent.
On the planet's surface, Qui-Gon saves native outcast Jar Jar Binks from being crushed by a Trade Federation MTT.
Kenobi appears, pursued by STAPs, which are destroyed by Qui-Gon.
Jar Jar Binks shows the two Jedi the way to an underwater Gungan settlement, Otoh Gunga.
Meanwhile, the Trade Federation occupies Theed, the capital city of Naboo, and captures Queen Amidala along with the rest of the government.
In Otoh Gunga, the Jedi meet the Gungan leader, Boss Nass, and ask him to help the people of Naboo, but Nass refuses due to hate of the people of Naboo and sends them off in a bongo submarine.
They are attacked by an opee sea killer and a colo claw fish but both fish are eaten by a sando aqua monster.
The Jedi, with Binks in tow, arrive in Theed and rescue Queen Amidala, using the Force and their lightsabers to dispatch squads of droids.
They depart for Coruscant, the Galactic Republic's capital planet, to ask for help from the Senate.
As they attempt to run the blockade, the queen's starship is damaged by Federation battleships, but an astromech droid named R2-D2 manages to repair it and they narrowly escape.
Due to the damage to the ship's hyperdrive sustained in the attack, the Jedi decide to land on the nearby planet Tatooine for repairs.
While searching for a new hyperdrive generator, they befriend young Anakin Skywalker, a slave boy, whose master is Watto, a Toydarian junk dealer.
Watto has the required parts in stock, but Qui-Gon is unable to purchase them, as Republic credits are worthless on Tatooine, nor can he use his powers to trick Watto, since Toydarians are resistant to mental manipulation.
Anakin is gifted with piloting and mechanical abilities, and has built an almost-complete droid named C-3PO.
Qui-Gon senses a strong presence of the Force in Anakin, and feels that he may be the Chosen One—the one who will fulfill a prophecy by bringing balance to the Force.
By entering Anakin into a podrace, Qui-Gon orchestrates a gamble with Watto's chance cube in which "fate" (really Qui-Gon using his powers to cheat) decided that the boy (alone, since Qui-Gon was unable to include the youth's mother in the bargain) will be released from slavery while also acquiring the parts needed for their ship.
The night before the race, Qui-Gon does a blood test on Anakin and discovers that the boy's midi-chlorian reading is off the chart.
Anakin wins the race (defeating his rival, Sebulba) and joins the team as they prepare to leave for Coruscant, where Qui-Gon plans to seek permission from the Jedi High Council to train Anakin to be a Jedi.
Meanwhile, Darth Sidious sends his apprentice, Darth Maul, to kill the two Jedi and capture the queen.
Maul appears just as the group is leaving the planet, and duels with Qui-Gon.
The fight is cut short when Qui-Gon escapes his black-robed assailant by jumping on board the Naboo Royal Starship as it takes off.
On Coruscant, Qui-Gon informs the Jedi Council of the mysterious attacker he encountered on Tatooine, coming to the conclusion that his attacker is a Sith, the latter being a religious order who were followers of the dark side of the Force and thought to have been extinct for over a millennium, much to the shock of the Jedi Council.
Qui-Gon also informs the Council about Anakin, hoping that he can be trained as a Jedi.
After testing the boy and deliberating with one another, the Council refuses, deeming him too old for training according to the Jedi Code.
They are also concerned that they sense much fear in the boy, and that he has a clouded future.
Meanwhile, Senator Palpatine meets with Queen Amidala to warn of corruption in the Senate and advises that she may have to call for a Vote of No Confidence in Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum.
When their petition to the Senate is refused, Amidala sees no alternative but to do just that.
Palpatine is among the candidates to become the new Supreme Chancellor.
The queen later announces to Palpatine that she will return to their home planet to repel the invasion of her people by herself.
She is frustrated by the Senate's deliberation and lack of action, and feels that even if Palpatine is elected Chancellor, it will be too late.
The Jedi Council sends the two Jedi to accompany the queen back to Naboo, hoping to shed light on any Sith involvement.
Amidala, back on Naboo, attempts to locate the Gungans at Otoh Gunga, but Jar-Jar, after searching the city, informs them that it has been abandoned.
He then leads them to the Gungan Sacred Place, where he is certain the Gungans will be.
The Gungans are initially distrustful, until the "handmaiden" Padmé reveals herself as the true queen and humbly begs for their help.
She negotiates with Boss Nass to form an alliance and unite their peoples in battle against the Trade Federation.
Captain Quarsh Panaka and several other security forces were also dispatched to rescue anyone imprisoned in the Trade Federation's prison camps, although they were only able to successfully extract a handful.
Next, Amidala informs Qui-Gon and Nass of her battle strategy: with the Grand Gungan Army acting as a distraction to the bulk of the main Trade Federation forces, the Naboo resistance led by herself, Captain Panaka and the Jedi will infiltrate Theed via a secret entrance located inside one of the waterfalls.
Nute Gunray, hearing reports of the Grand Army's assembly, informs Darth Sidious; Sidious orders Gunray to wipe out both the Gungans and the Naboo as the Trade Federation prepares for battle.
Captain Roos Tarpals orders the Gungan Grand Army to activate their shield, which protects them from ranged attack.
OOM-9 has his tanks fire first, but seeing them fail to penetrate the powerful shield, orders them to cease fire.
Daultay Dofine gives the command to activate the battle droids.
These droids march through the shield and open fire on the Grand Army, soon destroying the shield generator.
As the tanks cause heavy casualties among the Gungans, defeat for the alliance seems imminent.
However, victory comes when young Anakin Skywalker accidentally takes control of an N-1 starfighter and goes on to destroy the Federation's Droid Control Ship from the inside, killing Daultay Dofine and rendering the droid army useless.
Meanwhile, Amidala and her force fight their way back into the royal palace and capture Nute Gunray.
At the same time, in a Theed hangar bay, Darth Maul engages in combat with the two Jedi, using his double-bladed lightsaber.
The battle moves from the hangar, across a series of catwalks, to the Theed Generator Complex.
During the fight, Obi-Wan is separated from his master by being kicked off of a catwalk.
He grabs the edge of another catwalk below and jumps back up to where Qui-Gon and Maul continue to fight.
By this time, Qui-Gon and Maul have become separated by a force field in the entrance to the Generator Room.
Obi-Wan catches up to them, but is divided from his master by four force fields. When the force fields deactivate, Jinn and Maul continue their battle while Kenobi remains divided from the battle by one force field when they all reactivate.
After a lengthy duel, Maul suddenly stuns Qui-Gon by hitting him on the chin with his lightsaber handle, then rams his blade straight into Qui-Gon's torso, mortally wounding him.
Devastated and angered, Obi-Wan redoubles his assault upon Maul and chops the Sith's lightsaber in half, but Maul eventually overpowers and nearly kills Kenobi by Force pushing him over the edge of a seemingly bottomless reactor shaft.
Obi-Wan saves himself from falling when he manages to grab onto a pipe protruding from the wall of the shaft.
Maul kicks the Jedi's lightsaber into the pit and prepares to finish him off.
After Obi-Wan calms himself, he uses the Force to leap out of the shaft and over Maul's head while summoning his fallen master's lightsaber to his hand.
He lands behind the surprised Maul and cuts him in half; Maul's upper and lower body fall into the shaft.
Obi-Wan reaches Qui-Gon moments before he dies, as Qui-Gon instructs Obi-Wan to train Anakin to become a Jedi, reiterating that Anakin is the Chosen One.
Obi-Wan gives his word that he will. Qui-Gon dies, leading to Obi-Wan to grieve for his deceased master.
The newly elected Chancellor Palpatine arrives to congratulate Queen Amidala on her victory, as Nute Gunray is sent to stand trial for his crimes.
Later, in a room in the queen's palace, Yoda confers upon Obi-Wan the rank of Jedi Knight.
Kenobi argues with Yoda about his promise to Qui-Gon regarding Anakin's training.
Yoda is convinced it is dangerous to train the boy, but tells Kenobi the Jedi Council has allowed Skywalker to become Kenobi's apprentice.
Later that evening, in a temple in Theed, Qui-Gon's body is cremated, and Mace Windu and Yoda agree that the Sith are definitely to blame for the tragedy.
As there are only ever two Sith at any given time (a Master and an apprentice), both Masters believe that one must still remain.
The Naboo and Gungans organize a great victory celebration on the streets of Theed, in front on the palace.
Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker are present, the younger now wearing formal Jedi attire, and in his hair is a special braid: the mark of a Jedi Padawan.
Palpatine meets Anakin personally assuring the kid that he will be watching his career with "great interest".
The film ends with Queen Amidala presenting a gift of appreciation and friendship to Boss Nass and the Gungan people.
The shroud of the dark side has fallen. Begun, the Clone War has.
There is unrest in the Galactic Senate.
Several thousand solar systems have declared their intentions to leave the Republic.
This separatist movement, under the leadership of the mysterious Count Dooku, has made it difficult for the limited number of Jedi Knights to maintain peace and order in the galaxy.
Senator Amidala, the former Queen of Naboo, is returning to the Galactic Senate to vote on the critical issue of creating an ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC to assist the overwhelmed Jedi....
Ten years after the events of The Phantom Menace, the Galactic Republic is in crisis.
A Separatist movement led by former Jedi Master Count Dooku, alias the Sith Lord Darth Tyranus, is threatening the peace, causing the Galactic Senate to debate a Military Creation Act to form a standing army for the Republic's protection.
Senator Padmé Amidala, former Queen of Naboo, intends to return to the Senate and vote against the Act, even though there are no longer enough Jedi to maintain peace and justice in the galaxy.
Upon her arrival on Coruscant, she narrowly escapes an assassination attempt that claims the life of her decoy, Cordé.
As a result, Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine requests that Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi and his apprentice, Anakin Skywalker, protect her.
That night, the assassin Zam Wesell makes another attempt on Amidala's life, though the Jedi are able to foil her plot.
They pursue her through Galactic City, eventually disarming her in the Outlander Club.
Upon being questioned by Obi-Wan and Anakin outside the bar, she is killed by a saberdart, fired by a mysterious man, before the Jedi can learn the name of her employer.
Returning to the Jedi Temple, Obi-Wan is assigned by the council to track down the assassin's killer.
Meanwhile, Anakin continues his task of protecting the Senator and is asked to escort her back to her home planet of Naboo.
Anakin welcomes the opportunity, as he often becomes angry and frustrated by Obi-Wan's criticism and is glad to have an opportunity to be on his own.
Further, he has become infatuated with Padmé and relishes the chance to spend time with her.
Junior Representative Jar Jar Binks assumes Amidala's duties in her absence, despite the Senator being mad at not being at the Senate when the fate of the Military Creation Act is decided.
During the investigation, Obi-Wan is led to a mysterious planet called Kamino— missing from the Jedi Archives— where he discovers a secret clone army being developed for the Republic.
He is told by Prime Minister Lama Su that the military was ordered almost ten years ago by Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas— although Obi-Wan was "under the impression" that Sifo-Dyas was killed before that time.
A bounty hunter named Jango Fett was hired as the template for the clones.
Obi-Wan meets Jango on Kamino and believes him to be the killer he has been tracking. He tries to capture Jango, which leads to a titanic one-on-one fight between them.
Jango makes use of his blasters and missile equipment, managing to defeat Obi-Wan by sending him plummeting into the raging sea below.
Thinking he is dead, Jango departs Kamino with his son Boba.
Unable to capture Jango, Obi-Wan places a homing beacon on his ship, Slave I, and follows him to the planet of Geonosis.
Meanwhile, Anakin and Padmé have been spending much time together on Naboo, enjoying each other's company and playfully frolicking in the fields.
Eventually, Anakin reveals his deep love for her, vowing to do whatever she requests. However, Padmé resists, explaining that it would be impossible for the two of them to be together since she is a Senator and he is a Jedi.
Anakin is angered by this and experiences inner conflict between his strong desires for her and his duties as a Jedi.
Anakin is also troubled by a newfound sense that his mother is in grave danger, and he beckons for Padmé to accompany him to his home planet of Tatooine— in the process, disobeying Obi-Wan's orders to remain on Naboo.
Upon arriving, Anakin tracks down his former owner Watto, from whom he learns that his mother has married a moisture farmer named Cliegg Lars, and travels to the Lars moisture farm.
There, Anakin and Padmé find C-3PO, and the droid introduces Anakin to his step-brother Owen.
Cliegg tells Anakin the horrible truth that his mother was kidnapped a month ago by a pack of Tusken Raiders.
Anakin travels through the night and finds her tied and beaten in a Tusken camp.
Enraged and heartbroken, he massacres the Tusken community: men, women, and even children.
On Coruscant, Yoda senses a terrible darkness in the Force as the slaughter continues (Qui-Gon Jinn's voice shouts "Anakin, Anakin, no!" during this scene).
Anakin then brings his mother's body back to the homestead, where her funeral is held.
On Geonosis, Obi-Wan overhears a meeting between Count Dooku and the leaders of the commerce guilds and learns that they are behind the separatist movement and have built up a new droid army.
He also knows that it was Nute Gunray who ordered the assassination of Amidala as revenge for the defeat of the Trade Federation at the Battle of Naboo.
Obi-Wan transmits his findings to the Council, relayed by way of Anakin and Padmé's ship, though he is surrounded by droidekas and captured before he can finish his report.
Now that the Jedi council knows of Dooku's army, Jedi Master Mace Windu leads a battalion of Jedi to Geonosis.
Unbeknownst to them, Anakin and Padmé also make their way there to rescue Obi-Wan. Meanwhile, Representative Binks calls for Chancellor Palpatine to be given emergency powers, with which he can reach the recently discovered clone army into battle.
Back on Geonosis, Count Dooku tries to persuade Obi-Wan to join him, using the fact that he was once Qui-Gon's master, that Qui-Gon, if alive, would have joined Dooku and that the Republic and Jedi have lost their ways and must be fought against.
Obi-Wan refuses to join Dooku, saying that Dooku is wrong about the Republic and Jedi losing their ways and that Qui-Gon would have never joined Dooku if Qui-Gon was alive.
Anakin and Padmé arrive on the planet but are quickly captured by Jango Fett and sentenced to death, joining Obi-Wan in the Geonosis arena, where they are to be executed.
Moments before heading outside, Padame and Anakin confess their love to each other.
In the high stands, Count Dooku, Nute Gunray, Rune Haako, Poggle the Lesser, Jango Fett, and Boba Fett watch the start of the planned execution.
The trio are forced to battle a reek, a nexu, and an acklay while in chains.
During their struggle, Mace Windu arrives with his Jedi strike team, and they battle Dooku's droid army in the arena.
Upon seeing so many Jedi in one place, Jango Fett jetpacks down to the arena floor and engages Windu.
After a short struggle, Windu kills Jango due to his jetpack malfunctioning.
While the Jedi put up a fight, they are eventually overwhelmed by the Droid Army's numerical advantage and appear to be heading into defeat.
Yoda unexpectedly arrives with the Republic's new clone army, but only a handful of Jedi have survived.
An even larger battle erupts outside the arena between the Republic's clone army and the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems.
Nute Gunray and Rune Haako subsequently retreat in Gunray's ship.
The Clone Army gains the upper hand, which eventually leads to the Droid Army retreating.
Poggle the Lesser entrusts Count Dooku with the early plans for the Death Star.
Dooku attempts to escape, but Obi-Wan and Anakin track him to a secret hangar.
Anakin immediately disobeys Obi-Wan's orders to take Dooku together and rushes at Dooku, who fires Force lightning at Anakin, tossing him to the side to some rocks and knocking him unconscious temporarily.
Obi-Wan circles Dooku cautiously, the latter saying that his powers are far beyond Obi-Wan's and subsequently firing force lightning at him, Obi-Wan blocking it with his lightsaber and saying that he does not think so as Dooku ignites his curved hilted crimson red lightsaber.
Obi-Wan rushes at Dooku, engaging him in a lightsaber duel.
Unfortunately, while Obi-Wan is powerful, he is no match for Dooku who taunts him that Master Yoda praises Obi-Wan greatly and that he is disappointed in Obi-Wan's lack of skill.
The battle lasts around half a minute as Obi-Wan is defeated.
Dooku swings his blade high over his head and brings it down as Anakin, who had just awoken from being tossed to the rocks, leaped foward and blocked Dooku's killing strike on Obi-Wan, engaging Dooku, who toyed with him for several minutes before slicing off Anakin's right hand and force pushing it to the ground next to the defeated Obi-Wan.
Dooku puts away his lightsaber.
Yoda appears just as Dooku is about to escape, and the two masters of the Force go head-to-head in a fierce battle of the force and then a lightsaber duel with Yoda using his acrobatic style and Dooku using his elegant style.
Dooku, realizing he can't defeat Yoda, attempts to topple a large pillar on Obi-Wan and Anakin as a distraction.
While Yoda uses the Force to divert the pillar, Dooku flees in his solar sailer.
Flying to the Works in the Industrial sector of Coruscant, he meets up with his master, Darth Sidious, who is pleased that the war has begun as planned.
In the Jedi Temple, Obi-Wan, Mace and Yoda ponder Dooku's warning that Darth Sidious is controlling the Senate.
Yoda is hesitant to believe this, stating that the dark side is capable of creating fear and mistrust.
He and Windu agree that they should nevertheless closely monitor the Senate.
Meanwhile, Chancellor Palpatine and a number of senators, including Bail Organa, oversee the launching of massive clone trooper forces.
Back at Naboo, Anakin, with a new mechanical arm, and Padmé hold a secret wedding, with C-3PO and R2-D2 as the only witnesses.
Once more, the Sith will rule the galaxy! And we shall have... peace.
The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku.
In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate.
As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor....
The Galactic Republic is in the midst of the epic war with the Confederacy of Independent Systems under the leadership of Count Dooku, who is also the Sith Lord, Darth Tyranus.
The Confederacy's cyborg military leader, General Grievous of the Separatist Droid Army, has brought the war to Coruscant and captured Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate, during a massive space battle.
As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to escape the Galactic capital, a massive space battle erupts, into which race Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi and his former padawan, now Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, leading a mission to rescue the Chancellor.
The Jedi fight through the Separatist armada. In the process, Obi-Wan's interceptor is damaged by buzz droids and his astromech, R4-P17, is destroyed.
Anakin attempts to shoot the droids off, though succeeds only in blasting apart the wing of his former Master's vessel.
Obi-Wan tells Anakin to hold his fire as he's not helping. Anakin agrees it was a bad idea.
Obi-Wan tells Anakin to go on and rescue the Chancellor, but Anakin says he won't leave without Obi-Wan.
Anakin uses one of his fighter wings to knock some of the buzz droids off Obi-Wan's fighter, but one manages to crawl onto Anakin's ship although it is quickly disabled by R2-D2.
As they approach Grievous's flagship, Obi-Wan reminds Anakin their shields are still up, so Anakin breaks formation and attacks a shield generator, knocking out the shields on the docking bay of the ship.
The destruction of it activates the ship' emergency breach door, which quickly begins closing.
The two Jedi crash-land just before the door slams closed.
Anakin and Obi-Wan make their way through the flagship, using their lightsabers to fight through an army of droids.
Meanwhile, R2-D2 aids them from the hangar bay while simultaneously incinerating a pair of super battle droids, using fuel and his thrusters.
I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate. You have anger. But you don't use them.
The Jedi reach the top, finding the captive Chancellor Palpatine.
They are confronted by Count Dooku himself, with Obi-Wan telling Anakin that they will fight Dooku together, and an intense lightsaber duel ensues.
The Jedi throw the Count off guard, by converting from basic attacks to more skilled tactics.
During the battle, Obi-Wan is rendered unconscious when Dooku uses the Force to hold him in mid-air by the throat before hurling him against a railing.
Anakin continues the battle and is repeatedly taunted by Dooku.
Using his anger, Anakin taps into the dark side of the Force and gets the better of the duel.
He severs both of Dooku's hands, rendering him incapable of defending himself, and then holds him at blade point with both his own lightsaber and Dooku's weapon.
Palpatine encourages Anakin to kill Dooku, much to the shock of the latter who looks at the Chancellor pleadingly, only to be met with a sinister smile from Palpatine.
At first, Anakin hesitates but Palpatine firmly insists; completely unaware of Palpatine's true intentions, Anakin viciously decapitates the helpless Dooku.
The Invisible Hand crosses by a Venator-class Star Destroyer.
A broadside attack begins with both ship firing their cannons, a shell from a Republic Venator destroy one of the Invisible Hand's cannons and ammo crates, causing the Invisible Hand to begin an uncontrolled descent into Coruscant.
Despite Palpatine's persuasions that he should leave the unconscious Obi-Wan, Anakin carries him on his back, and maneuvers through the ship with the Chancellor. Obi-Wan later regains consciousness.
After Grievous has the bridge crew regain control of his flagship by firing the emergency booster engines, he makes certain the two Jedi and their ward are captured.
Having fallen foul of a ray shield trap, the three are brought to the bridge under custody, but R2 successfully creates a distraction, allowing the Jedi to retrieve their lightsabers and break free.
Grievous then sends a pair of his powerful IG-100 MagnaGuard droids after the Jedi.
Obi-Wan quickly beheads the first MagnaGuard with his blade, but the droid continues the fight, forcing Obi-Wan to slice the droid warrior apart before it deactivates.
Anakin finishes off the second MagnaGuard and destroys the battle droids attempting to drag Palpatine from the bridge.
The Jedi close in on Grievous, though the wily General smashes a window with his fallen guard's electrostaff, and is swept outside.
Using a tow cable, Grievous latches himself to the ship and heads for the escape pods.
Launching all other escape capsules, Grievous speeds for the safety of a Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship.
Once again, the flagship begins to descend in free fall into Coruscant, though due to its extensive damage taken from its broadside cannon fight with the Guarlara and entering Coruscant' atmosphere, the ships hangar bay begins to weaken.
After extending the ship's drag flaps, the hangar gives out and breaks off from the rest of the ship, sending them into a faster freefall.
With the aid of a few emergency firespeeders they land, hitting a control tower along on one of Coruscant's industrial landing platforms.
On Coruscant, Anakin is praised for his heroics.
He meets secretly with Padmé Amidala, and they share a kiss in the shadows of the Senate office building, keeping their love secret.
Elsewhere, Grievous, now both the political and military leader of the Separatists, arrives on Utapau, where Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray, Geonosian Archduke Poggle the Lesser, Techno Union head of state and Foreman Wat Tambor, and others on the Separatist Council remain in hiding.
The General is contacted by Darth Sidious, who gives him instructions to move the Separatist leaders to a volcanic planet, Mustafar. He also explains that the war is almost over.
Grievous is uncertain about this, given Count Dooku's death.
Sidious assures him that Darth Tyranus's death and loss were necessary, for he would soon have a new Sith apprentice: one far younger and more powerful.
Later, on Coruscant, Anakin awakens in a panic, covered in sweat.
He reveals to Padmé that he has been dreaming about her dying in childbirth, and believing that he can't live without her, vows not to let this dream come true.
Chancellor Palpatine requests Anakin's presence, and they meet in the Chancellor's office.
The Senate has granted the Chancellor further emergency powers, giving him direct control of the Jedi Council.
Palpatine confides in Anakin his fear, distrust, and contempt of the Masters.
He appoints Anakin to be his personal representative on the Council.
The High Council begrudgingly accepts Anakin's appointment, but does not grant him the rank of Master.
Anakin reacts angrily at this perceived slight, but is quickly shut down by Mace Windu.
Ignoring his outburst, the Council goes on to discuss matters concerning the war.
It is decided that Anakin will be assigned to protect the Chancellor, and Yoda will take a battalion of clones to reinforce the Wookiees on Kashyyyk.
Anakin is angry and disappointed.
Obi-Wan later tells Anakin that the Council wants Anakin to report on all the Chancellor's dealings, essentially spying on him.
Anakin is confused and upset, feeling torn between two friends and loyalties.
Obi-Wan himself is unhappy with the situation.
At the Galaxies Opera House in the Uscru District, Anakin joins Palpatine in watching the Mon Calamari Aquatic Ballet performing Squid Lake.
Palpatine tells Anakin Clone Intelligence has located General Grievous hiding in the Utapau system.
Anakin is delighted by this news, as Grievous's capture will accelerate the war's end.
Palpatine remarks that he'd question the competence of the Jedi Council if Anakin was not sent on the mission.
Inviting Anakin to join him, Palpatine dismisses his aides: once they are gone, Palpatine seduces Anakin to the dark side.
He also tells Anakin that the Jedi Order wishes to overthrow the Republic and that if he has suspected it, Anakin must surely have sensed it.
Anakin confirms that the Jedi don't trust him, a fact that Palpatine expands to include the Senate, the Republic, and democracy as a whole.
Anakin tells Palpatine that his trust in the Jedi has been shaken and Palpatine deduces Anakin's distaste for the Council's mission to spy on the Chancellor.
Palpatine takes Anakin back to some of the early political lessons Palpatine tried to teach him, about how all those who gain power are afraid to lose it and that includes the Jedi.
Anakin tries to defend the Jedi by saying they use their powers for good, but Palpatine argues good is only a point of view, noting that in almost every conceivable manner, including a quest for greater power, the Sith and the Jedi are exactly alike.
Anakin disagrees, remarking that the Sith depend on passion for strength, thinking only of themselves, whereas the Jedi are selfless, thinking only of others.
After a brief pause in their conversation, Palpatine makes a remark about the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise.
Palpatine describes Darth Plagueis as a Dark Lord of the Sith so powerful and wise that he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create life.
Not only this, but having such power and knowledge of the dark side, Plagueis could use thistle ability to save people he cared about from death, a statement which gets Anakin's attention (which was Palpatine's desire) and Palpatine describes the dark side of the Force as a pathway to many abilities considered by some to be unnatural.
When Anakin asks what happened to Darth Plagueis, Palpatine concludes that Plagueis became so powerful that all he feared was losing his power, which he eventually did.
Unfortunately for Plagueis, he taught his apprentice, who happened to be Darth Sidious, all he knew: after he had, his apprentice killed him in his sleep.
Palpatine notes the irony of how Plagueis could keep others from dying, but not himself.
When Anakin asks if it is possible to learn the power to stop death, Palpatine simply replies, "Not from a Jedi," further alienating Anakin from the Jedi Order.
After Yoda arrives on Kashyyyk, Anakin relays the information about Grievous, explaining that a partial message was intercepted in a diplomatic packet from the Chairman of Utapau.
Yoda says they should act quickly and decisively on this information.
When Anakin expresses his interest in going at Palpatine's request, Mace Windu harshly tells him that the Council will decide who goes and not the Chancellor.
Yoda believes that a Master with more experience is needed to confront, and defeat, Grievous. Ki-Adi-Mundi agrees and nominates Obi-Wan to go.
With the nomination agreed on, the Council adjourns and Obi-Wan prepares to go to Utapau.
Yoda, Luminara Unduli, and Gree, along with Tarfful and Chewbacca defend Kashyyyk against the Corporate Alliance Tanks, Dwarf Spider droids, Droid Gunships, and legions of battle droids.
Anakin walks Obi-Wan to a Jedi cruiser before he leaves.
Anakin still believes he'd be needed on Utapau, and while Obi-Wan agrees, he also notes it might just be a wild Bantha chase.
Anakin stops Obi-Wan and tells him that he knows he's disappointed Obi-Wan and that he's not been acting very grateful for the training he received.
Anakin tells him he's just been so frustrated with the Council lately, but that he does apologize.
Obi-Wan calls Anakin strong and wise and tells Anakin he's very proud of him and while Obi-Wan trained him since Anakin was a boy, he calls Anakin a far greater Jedi than Obi-Wan could hope to be.
But Obi-Wan encourages Anakin to be patient and that it won't be long before the Council makes Anakin a Jedi Master.
The two bid each other farewell and Obi-Wan leaves for Utapau.
Little do they know that this is the last time they will see or speak to each other as fellow Jedi and friends.
Obi-Wan arrives in Pau City on Utapau, and begins his search for General Grievous, riding a varactyl named Boga.
He finds Grievous on the Tenth Level.
After Obi-Wan dispatches the droids around Grievous, the two engage in single combat.
Grievous's arms split in half, allowing him to use four lightsabers at once.
Obi-Wan quickly cuts off the lower halves of the General's hands, helping to even out the odds a little.
During the battle, the Third Systems Army arrives under the command of CC-2224 "Cody." Obi-Wan manages to catch Grievous off guard and uses the Force to push the fiendish droid general into the ceiling.
Grievous drops his remaining two lightsabers and attempts to flee on his wheel bike, while Obi-Wan pursues on Boga.
During the chase, Obi-Wan drops his lightsaber, which Commander Cody happens to find during the massive battle against the droids.
On Coruscant, Anakin tells Palpatine that General Grievous has been found on Utapau.
Anakin insists he should be on Utapau as well.
Their conversation shifts to Palpatine's knowledge of the Force and dark side, both of which he learned from his mentor (Plagueis), much to the shock of Anakin who starts to become wary of the Chancellor.
After Palpatine tells him that the dark side can save Padme from death, Anakin realizes that Palpatine is in fact Darth Sidious, the latter of which Palpatine confirms (This revelation means that Palpatine as Sidious engineered the Invasion of Naboo and War, betrayed and caused the deaths of Plagueis and Dooku, and has been deceiving the Jedi and Republic).
Anakin ignites his lightsaber and threatens to kill Palpatine, but then decides to expose his deception and identity to the Jedi Council.
He is still concerned with saving his wife, and believes only Palpatine's knowledge will ensure this.
Obi-Wan continues to chase General Grievous on Utapau.
He catches up with the General and jumps onto his wheel bike.
Using Grievous's electrostaff, he manages to destabilize the speeder, and it goes into a spin.
Both Obi-Wan and Grievous are thrown off as the speeder topples over the edge of Grievous's secret landing platform.
Grievous then draws his blaster, though it is knocked from his hand by Obi-Wan, now wielding the electrostaff.
He knocks Grievous down, and a brawl ensues, during which Kenobi tears open the General's chest plates, revealing his living organs.
Enraged, Grievous repeatedly hits Obi-Wan and then picks up the helpless Jedi and throws him over the edge.
Obi-Wan barely manages to hang on and momentarily dangles for his life.
As Grievous moves in for the kill, Obi-Wan uses the Force to retrieve the General's blaster and fires at Grievous's exposed organs.
Grievous falls to the floor, dead.
In the name of the Galactic Senate of the Republic, you're under arrest, Chancellor
Are you threatening me, Master Jedi?
The Senate will decide your fate.
I am the Senate!
Anakin returns to the Jedi Temple and approaches Windu who tells Anakin that they have just been informed that Obi-Wan has destroyed General Grievous and so they are going to go to the Senate to ensure that Chancellor Palpatine gives back his emergency powers.
However, Anakin reveals that Palpatine is a Sith Lord and is not likely to give up his powers, a statement which shocks Windu and stops him dead in his tracks.
Anakin confirms what he just said and says he believes Palpatine is the one they have been looking for.
When Windu asks how Anakin knows this, he tells Windu that Palpatine knows the ways of the Force and has been trained to use the dark side and that he is absolutely sure.
Windu says their worst fears have now been realized and that if the Jedi Order is to survive, they must move quickly.
Anakin warns Windu that Palpatine is very powerful and they'll need his help to arrest Palpatine, but Windu urges him to stay out of it as he senses much fear in Anakin and it could cloud his judgment.
Windu also adds that if what Anakin says is true then Anakin will have gained his trust but for now, he wants Anakin to wait in the Council Chambers until he returns.
Masters Windu, Kit Fisto, Agen Kolar, and Saesee Tiin board a gunship and head to Palpatine's office.
Sitting in the Council Chambers, remembering Palpatine's promise of stopping death and the dreams of Padmé dying in childbirth, Anakin ruminates over his decision: in his mind, he hears Palpatine's voice saying that if the Jedi kill him, any chance of saving Padmé will be lost.
Finally, he leaves and rushes after the four Jedi.
Windu and the three other Jedi Masters arrive at Chancellor Palpatine's office.
Windu declares Palpatine is under arrest and the Masters ignite their lightsabers.
Sidious pulls a lightsaber from his sleeve and hurls himself at the Jedi with a screeching war cry.
Kolar is the first to die, run through the chest and as Kolar's life is ending due to the wound, Sidious turns and slices Tiin's torso.
A few seconds later, with more effort from Sidious, Fisto is slain, killed by a slash across the gut.
Only Windu remains, alone against the Dark Lord.
The Force is strong with you.
A powerful Sith you will become.
Henceforth, you shall be known as Darth… Vader.
Sidious and Windu continue the fight, dueling fiercely.
The fight appears to be even early on, but Windu gradually gains ground, slowly driving the Sith Lord out of the Chancellor's antechamber and into the office proper.
Shortly after the two shatter a large glass window, Windu delivers a kick to Sidious, leading to Sidious falling down and losing his lightsaber.
Anakin arrives just as Windu holds Sidious at blade point.
Windu declares Sidious has lost, but the Sith Lord then unleashes a torrent of Force lightning.
However, Windu deflects it with his blade, casting much of the energy back into Sidious' body.
Sidious becomes hideously deformed; his face becomes deathly pale and sagged, his teeth become yellow and rotten, his fingernails become long and dirty, and his eyes turn burning yellow with blood-red rims.
As Windu is deciding to kill Sidious, Anakin argues that Palpatine must stand trial: Windu disregards this, stating Sidious's control over the Senate and courts make him too dangerous to be left alive.
Anakin is finally forced to choose between the Jedi Order or Padmé. As Windu is about to deliver the killing blow, Anakin betrays Windu and cuts off his sword arm.
Sidious, cackling with glee, tortures and blasts the shocked Windu out of the window, sending him plunging to his death hundreds of stories below.
Anakin is horrified by his actions, yet he knows now there is no turning back now that he betrayed the Jedi.
He pledges allegiance to Sidious, in return for the Dark Lord's power to stop death, in the hope of saving his beloved wife.
Sidious takes Anakin as his Sith apprentice, bestowing upon him the Sith name "Darth Vader."
Sidious instructs Vader launch Operation: Knightfall, to ensure the so-called Jedi Rebellion is crushed, and then wipe out the Separatist Council on the Mustafar system, before declaring that "Once more the Sith will rule the galaxy."
Vader leads the 501st Legion to the Temple.
He and the clones rampage through the Temple, cutting down every Jedi that crosses his path, including swordsmaster Cin Drallig and even the younglings hiding out in the Council Chamber.
The time has come. Execute Order 66.
Meanwhile, from his office, Sidious broadcasts a command to Commander Cody and many other clone troopers spread throughout the galaxy: to execute Order 66, a protocol to kill all Jedi, to which the Clones comply (explained in seasons 6 and 7 of Star Wars: The Clone Wars).
Across the galaxy, the Jedi Generals find themselves being betrayed and murdered by their clone troopers.
As this happens, Yoda feels everyone who is dying.
On Utapau, Kenobi is flung off a cliff by a blast from an All Terrain Tactical Enforcer, but he and Boga survive the drop, and Obi-Wan flees on Grievous's hidden starfighter; on Mygeeto, Jedi Master Ki-Adi-Mundi is gunned down by CC-1138 and the 21st Nova Corps; on the lush, tropical planet of Felucia, Jedi Knight Aayla Secura is murdered by CC-5052 and his 327th Star Corps; on Cato Neimoidia, Plo Koon's Jedi starfighter is shot down by Aggressive ReConnaissance-170 starfighters, sending it smashing into a clone staging area; and on Saleucami, Stass Allie's 74-Z speeder bike is destroyed by CC-8826 and his wingman, riding BARC speeders.
On Kashyyyk, Yoda is overlooking the ongoing battle as Commander Gree receives the order.
He and Captain Jek attempt to sneak up to Yoda, but the aged Master senses their intent and beheads both clones with a slash of his lightsaber.
Tarfful and Chewbacca help Yoda escape the planet.
Senator Bail Organa arrives at the flaming Temple to witness the slaughter of a young Padawan named Zett Jukassa by a squad of troopers led by Commander Appo.
Organa, horrified, flees the scene and departs Coruscant in the Tantive III, in an attempt to make contact with any surviving Jedi.
Both Obi-Wan and Yoda survive Order 66 and are picked up by Senator Organa, having evaded pursuit.
The Jedi decide to return to Coruscant to recalibrate the Jedi beacon calling for all Jedi to return to Coruscant, knowing that it's really a trap set by Darth Sidious.
Kenobi hopes to instead warn any surviving Jedi to stay away from the Temple.
Following the attack on the Jedi Temple, Vader returns to Padmé at the Senate Apartment Complex, from where the smoke rising from the wrecked Temple can be seen.
He tells her the Jedi have tried to take over the Republic, and there are traitors in the Senate.
He asks for her loyalty to the Chancellor, then tells her that he will go to the Mustafar system, where the remaining Separatists have gathered, to end the war.
Through a hologram, Sidious informs the Separatist Council that Vader would take care of them once he arrived, though the council is unaware that Sidious had betrayed them and truly sent Vader to kill them.
Vader arrives on Mustafar and is greeted by Viceroy Gunray, but the Sith apprentice quickly traps the Separatist Council in the bunker.
He slaughters Poggle the Lesser, Rune Haako, Po Nudo, and Wat Tambor among others.
He leaves Gunray until last, slicing the Neimoidian across the chest even as he pleads for his life. It is at this point that the first physical manifestation of the dark side in Vader begins to show itself, as his irises turn a pallid yellow, the rest of his eyes taking on a bright crimson hue.
The Senate holds a special session where Palpatine tells them of the "plot of the Jedi to overthrow the Senate," but that it was foiled.
Amidst thunderous applause, he informs the Senate that the surviving Jedi will be hunted down and defeated.
He then states that "in order to ensure the security and continued stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire," which Palpatine describes as creating a safe and secure society.
As the majority of the Senate screams their approval, Padmé Amidala and Bail Organa, who are shocked at the result, simply look around and Padmé can only remark "So this is how liberty dies, with thunderous applause."
In the meantime, Obi-Wan and Yoda go to the Jedi Temple, slaying several clones and walking in disbelief through the carnage.
Yoda notices that several of their fellow Jedi were cut down by a foe wielding a lightsaber.
They recalibrate the Temple's signal to warn all surviving Jedi to keep away from the Temple, but then Obi-Wan, wanting to know the truth, checks the security hologram recordings.
To his horror, one recording shows Vader dueling Younglings and then kneeling before Sidious.
Yoda says they must destroy the Sith, but Obi-Wan is reluctant to kill Anakin and wants to go after the Emperor instead.
Yoda, however, states that Obi-Wan is not strong enough to face Sidious and that Anakin is gone, "consumed" by Vader.
Yoda sets out to confront Sidious, telling Obi-Wan to "use his feelings" to find Vader.
Following Yoda's advice, Obi-Wan visits Padmé asking where Anakin is and tells her that he has turned to the dark side and killed many Jedi in the temple, and also that everyone was deceived by Sidious who was behind everything which includes the war.
Despite her anguish, Padmé refuses to reveal where her husband has gone.
Obi-Wan deduces that Padmé is carrying Anakin's child, who already knew the two had been together all along and apologizes to her for what he had no choice to do before leaving.
On Mustafar, Vader surveys the violent landscape around him and weeps over his recent acts of violence; knowing he cannot turn back from the influence of Darth Sidious.
Later, Padmé leaves Coruscant in her star skiff, departing for Mustafar to find her husband and the truth.
Unknown to her, Obi-Wan secretly stows away aboard the ship just before it takes off.
You were the Chosen One! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them! Bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness!
You were my brother, Anakin! I loved you!
The star skiff lands on Mustafar, and Padmé is greeted by a smiling Vader.
Padmé reveals her conversation with Obi-Wan; he tells her it is only lies but does not deny the accusations.
Padmé also tells him Obi-Wan knew about them together, wanting to help them & begs him to run away with her to raise their child in peace.
Vader, mad with power, claims that they no longer have to run away and he can overthrow Palpatine so that the two of them can rule the galaxy together.
Padmé, realizing how much her husband has changed, backs away in horror and tearfully begs him to stop, insisting she still loves him.
As she pleads, Obi-Wan steps out onto the star skiff's boarding ramp.
Upon seeing him, Vader becomes enraged and accuses Padmé betraying him for Obi-Wan
Without even allowing her a chance to explain herself, he begins Force-choking her.
Obi-Wan intervenes and demands Vader to release Padmé, but Vader still chokes her unconscious.
Turning his anger on Obi-Wan, Vader accuses him of turning his wife against him, but Obi-Wan retorts that Vader has done that himself and let himself be twisted by Sidious' lies, becoming a Sith.
Vader refuses to listen and rants that he has brought order to his "new empire".
Obi-Wan, unable to believe what he is hearing, prepares to fight.
Vader fumes that those who are against him are his enemies and engages Obi-Wan in a ferocious duel between Master and Apprentice.
In the Chancellor's office within the Imperial Senate Building, Yoda confronts Palpatine.
He tells him that he knows of Anakin's turning, while addressing him as his Sith name.
Sidious uses Force Lightning to push the Jedi Master backwards into a pillar.
Obi-Wan and Vader battle over the bridge and enter the Klegger Corp Mining Facility, making their way through the hallways.
Returning to Coruscant, Sidious tells Yoda that the Jedi will be no more.
The Jedi master stands up and pushes him backwards past the desk.
They engage in an intense battle using their lightsabers and Force abilities.
At the Mustafarian Mining Complex, Obi-Wan and Vader battle in the conference room on the desk.
Vader attempts to force choke the Jedi master with the enabled lightsaber.
Obi-Wan loses it after getting kicked in the stomach, but he retrieves it.
Yoda resumes fighting Sidious until they are taken the Galactic Senate Chamber, the heart of the Senate.
Vader is still battling Obi-Wan, who is on the defensive.
They fight command center with the dead Separatist leaders on the floor.
A missed slash from Vader's lightsaber damages a computer console, deactivating the facility's shields.
As the door opens, Obi-Wan and Vader exit the mining facility and head outside.
At the Galactic Senate Chamber, Sidious hurls Senate pods at Yoda, and the effort to avoid them exhausts the Jedi Master.
Sidious then blasts Yoda with Force Lightning, causing the Jedi master to lose his lightsaber.
With the last of his strength, Yoda redirects it back at him, but this causes an explosion that throws both himself and Sidious over the pod's edge.
Obi-Wan and Vader's battle continue on as they tip-toe across some pipes.
A mining droid comes by the Jedi and they fight with their lightsabers.
At the same time, deadly lava blasts towards Vader and Obi-Wan, forcing them to take cover from raining debris.
The lava cuts off a collection arm attached to the main structure.
Sidious is able to hold on to a senate pod, while Yoda falls to the senate floor leaving his cloak behind.
With Bail Organa's help, Yoda flees the Senate Building, intending to go into exile.
Back on Mustafar, the rest of the battle resumes.
Obi-Wan and Vader ride the collection arm down the lava river below, which falls over a molten waterfall.
Abandoning the arm, Obi-Wan leaps onto a hovering mining platform below, with Vader pursuing him back up the lava river atop a collection droid.
Obi-Wan appeals to his old friend one last time, but Vader still refuses to see reason, forcing Obi-Wan to accept that his student, friend, and brother is corrupted beyond redemption.
After fending off another attack from Vader, Obi-Wan disengages as the platform nears the shore of the lava river, leaping up onto the black sand bank.
Obi-Wan warns Vader that he now holds an unassailable position, but Vader, enraged and bloodthirsty, yells "You underestimate my power!" and foolishly leaps up to kill his old Master the same way Obi-Wan ended Maul.
With a swift sweep of his blade, Obi-Wan slices off Vader's left arm and legs.
Vader tumbles down the embankment and rolls to a stop at the edge of the river of lava.
As Obi-Wan watches, Vader, helpless and now fully consumed by the dark side, tries in vain to pull his crippled, smoking body up the embankment with his one remaining mechanical arm.
Obi-Wan is overcome with disgust and sadness at the pitiful fate of "The Chosen One," and is reduced nearly to tears.
He angrily shouts that Vader has failed in his life and destiny, and has hurt all those who loved him, including Obi-Wan himself.
All Vader can do is scream in pain and powerless rage, cursing his former friend and Master.
The lava below Vader then catches his leg, setting him on fire, horribly burning and disfiguring him, with Obi-Wan turning away from the terror, unwilling to kill him.
After briefly staring at the charred, mutilated figure that was once Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan turns and walks away, taking Anakin's dropped lightsaber with him.
He returns to the star skiff and leaves the planet with the unconscious Padmé and her droids.
Obi-Wan feels guilt for failing Anakin & Padmé's happiness.
Obi-Wan, there is good in him. I know...I know there is… still…
Sidious arrives on Mustafar with a group of shock troopers led by Commander Thire.
They rescue Darth Vader from the edge of death using a stasis pod and Sith medicines held in the Emperor's shuttle.
On the isolated asteroid Polis Massa, Yoda meditates and hears the spirit voice of Qui-Gon Jinn.
The voice tells him that there is a way to merge with the Force and retain consciousness after death. In order to learn this power, Yoda declares himself an apprentice to the spirit of Qui-Gon Jinn.
Obi-Wan arrives at Polis Massa with Padmé, who is given emergency medical treatment by the facility's droids.
The medical droids work to save her babies—she has twins, much to the surprise of Bail Organa, Obi-Wan, and Yoda.
A boy and a girl are born. In her last few dying breaths, Padmé gives them the names "Luke" and "Leia".
As his children are born, Vader is being rebuilt at the Grand Republic Medical Facility on Coruscant.
Vader is given new legs, a new arm, mechanized lungs, and other "replacement parts".
Darth Vader begins to breathe through his mask.
Most, if not the entire surgery is carried out in true dark-side form, with Vader wide awake and apparently unanesthetized, leaving him moaning, screaming, and writhing in excruciating agony.
With Padmé's final breath, she maintains that there is still good in Anakin.
She dies still believing in the man she loved, before his violent acts against the Jedi Order and the Separatist Council.
Obi-Wan watches her go sadly.
Vader is raised to a standing position, his surgery complete.
Vader begins to speak through his vocabulator to the Emperor, asking about Padmé.
Sidious, seeking to cut Vader's last tie to his old life and permanently cement the dark side in his heart, lies to Vader, telling him that he accidentally killed his wife while Force choking her.
With his last shred of hope and love now gone and his mind broken by the realization that he himself killed the person he wanted to save, Vader rips himself free of the operating table and unleashes a powerful scream of rage, shame, and grief through the Force, shattering the droids and equipment. Vader screams "Nooo!" in anger and despair, while the Emperor looks on with an evil grin.
On board the Tantive III, docked at Naboo, Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Bail Organa sit at a conference table.
They agree to preserve Padmé's pregnant appearance, thus faking the children's deaths.
For their own safety, Luke and Leia will be split up in hopes that the Sith will not sense their presence.
Leia will be adopted by Bail Organa, and Luke would be sent to his father's step family on Tatooine.
Obi-Wan and Yoda will watch and wait until the time is ready for the Skywalker children to do their part.
Yoda tells Obi-Wan to study the technique Qui-Gon learned to achieve immortality.
Bail Organa leaves R2-D2 and C-3PO in the care of Captain Raymus Antilles of the Tantive III.
He orders a memory wipe of the talkative protocol droid.
On Naboo, Padmé's funeral takes place in a solemn ceremony in Theed.
Her hands clasp the japor snippet given to her by Anakin following his departure from Tatooine some thirteen years ago.
To protect her children, her body appears to still be pregnant.
In a deleted scene, Yoda travels to Dagobah to begin his self-imposed exile, which he partly owes as penance for his failure to defeat Sidious.
On the bridge of a gray-hulled Imperial Venator, Vader, the Emperor, and Governor Wilhuff Tarkin oversee the construction of a moon-sized battle station.
On Alderaan, the infant Leia is brought by Bail Organa to his wife, Queen Breha.
On Tatooine, Obi-Wan brings Luke to his new family: his uncle, Owen, and his aunt, Beru.
Obi-Wan leaves on an eopie, heading to his exile in the Jundland Wastes.
As the movie and prequel trilogy ends, Owen and Beru, holding the infant Luke, look out to the horizon and watch the setting of Tatooine's twin suns.
The duel between Obi-Wan and Anakin is lengthened and is much more exaggerated. It also contains many references to Expanded Universe characters, such as Raith Sienar or Garm Bel Iblis, for example, and some details, like the way Shaak Ti meets her fate, and Captain Needa's appearance at the Battle of Coruscant differ from their movie counterparts.
Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire.
During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the DEATH STAR, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.
Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy....
Nineteen years after the formation of the Galactic Empire and the events of Revenge of the Sith, the galaxy is in a state of civil war.
The Rebel Alliance has won their first major victory by stealing plans to the Galactic Empire's secret weapon, the Death Star.
Hoping that the stolen plans can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy, Princess Leia Organa, who is in custody of the plans, attempts to race home aboard the Tantive IV.
However, her ship is intercepted by the Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Devastator over the desert planet of Tatooine.
The ship is captured, and several Imperial stormtroopers come aboard.
After defeating the small number of guards defending the ship, the Sith Lord Darth Vader arrives to assess the damage.
Vader is outraged and questions Captain Antilles, whom he eventually strangles and kills.
Hiding on the ship, Princess Leia is able to record a holographic message with the help of R2-D2, and gives the droid the plans for the Death Star and the responsibility of taking the message to Obi-Wan Kenobi, a Jedi-in-hiding on Tatooine.
Leia is spotted by stormtroopers and they shoot her with a stun blast and bring her before Vader.
Leia claims she and the ship's crew were on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan, but is disbelieved by Vader, who denounces her as a traitor and has her taken prisoner.
Vader orders a message be sent to the Imperial Senate, informing them that the ship was destroyed, with everyone on board killed.
R2-D2 and C-3PO use an escape pod in order to escape the ship and reach the planet of Tatooine below, narrowly escaping destruction by an Imperial cannon when the operators do not detect the droids in the pod.
There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and become a Jedi like my father.
After arguing and going their separate ways for a while, the droids are individually picked up by Jawa traders and brought aboard a Sandcrawler.
They are later bought by moisture farmer Owen Lars and his nephew, Luke Skywalker, a young farmer who lost his parents as a baby and hopes to one day be a starfighter pilot just like his friends.
While cleaning R2, Luke discovers a short portion of the hologram.
At the mention of Obi Wan, he wonders if she means his neighbor Ben Kenobi.
While eating dinner with Owen and his Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars, Owen asks Luke to take R2 to Anchorhead the next day to have his memory wiped, and expresses his hope Luke will stay with them for one more harvest season before applying to the Academy.
R2 escapes from the Lars' homestead in search of Obi-Wan, whom the droid claims to be the property of.
Luke and C-3PO search the desert and find R2 the next day, only to be attacked by Sand people.
Luke and his droids are rescued by Ben Kenobi, who confirms he is Obi-Wan.
At his home, Obi-Wan gives Luke his father's lightsaber, as Obi-Wan recalls his own friendship with Luke's father.
He tells Luke that he and his father were a part of the Jedi order that once protected the galaxy before the Empire took over and that Darth Vader was once his apprentice before he fell to the dark side of the Force and murdered Luke's father.
After viewing Princess Leia's full recording, Obi-Wan attempts to persuade Luke to accompany him to Alderaan.
Luke refuses but agrees to take Obi-Wan as far as Anchorhead.
On the way, the group discovers the remains of the Sandcrawler, the Jawas having been killed by stormtroopers searching for the droids.
With dawning horror, Luke hurries home only to find it burning and his aunt and uncle's charred remains, both brutally murdered by the same stormtroopers.
Luke returns upset, but Obi-Wan tells him there was nothing he could do, and that he would have been killed too and the plans would be in possession of the Empire.
With nothing keeping him on Tatooine, Luke, Obi Wan, and the two droids travel to Mos Eisley to find passage to Alderaan, Princess Leia's home planet.
Aboard the Death Star, Cassio Tagge argues with Conan Antonio Motti about the stations vulnerability to the rebels and points out that the rebellion has been gaining support within the imperial senate.
Wilhuff Tarkin enters the room with Darth Vader and informs them that the Emperor has dissolved the senate completely, sweeping away the last remnant of the Old Republic.
Believing fear will keep the galaxy in line, Motti boasts the power of the Death Star, to which Vader replies that its power is insignificant compared to the Force.
When Motti mocks Vader's belief in the Force, Vader Force chokes him until Tarkin orders him to stop, and expresses his own desire to crush the Rebellion.
Back in Mos Eisley, Luke, Obi-Wan and the Droids run into a patrol of stormtroopers, who ask for their identification.
Obi-Wan uses a Jedi Mind trick on the lead trooper, who lets them pass.
Arriving at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina, the group hires smuggler Han Solo and his First Mate, a Wookiee named Chewbacca, for 17,000 credits, 2,000 in advance and 15,000 upon arrival, to take the four of them to Alderaan aboard their ship, the Millennium Falcon.
Han has a brief run-in with Greedo over his debts to crime lord Jabba The Hutt, which ends with Han fatally shooting Greedo.
Jabba later confronts Han in the Falcon's docking bay, scolding him for killing Greedo.
Han defends the actions that offended Jabba (dumping a load of cargo when confronted by an Imperial patrol) and promises he'll pay the gangster what he owes.
Luke, Ben and the droids arrive at the Falcon's hanger.
A brief scuffle with stormtroopers and henchmen sent by Jabba ensues, and the Falcon escapes Imperial Star-Destroyers over Tatooine and sets a course to Alderaan, unaware that the Death Star has just arrived there as well.
Leia, having resisted being tortured with a Mind probe for the location of the Rebel Alliance's headquarters, is brought before Grand Moff Tarkin.
Tarkin threatens to use the Death Star's Superlaser on Leia's Homeworld of Alderaan if she does not tell them the Rebel base's location.
She reluctantly tells them the base is on Dantooine, but Tarkin orders Alderaan to be destroyed anyway for its role in supporting the rebels.
Aboard the Millennium Falcon, Obi-Wan feels a great disturbance in the Force while Luke undergoes Lightsaber training with a training remote.
Upon dropping out of Hyperspace, they find what seems to be an asteroid field in Alderaan's place.
The Millennium Falcon is then pulled aboard the Death Star by its powerful tractor beam.
Tarkin and Vader discover that Leia lied about the Rebel bases location when their forces only discover the ruins of a base on Dantooine.
Tarkin orders her to be executed.
Having docked with the Death Star, Solo and the others ambush two stormtroopers and the Imperial scanning crew sent to investigate the Falcon by hiding in hidden smuggling compartments.
With Han and Luke now disguised as the two stormtroopers, the group storms a control room to figure out how to escape.
Obi-Wan separates from the group to disable the tractor beam, leaving the others alone.
While connected to the Imperial Network, R2-D2 discovers Princess Leia is aboard the station and is set for termination.
Luke convinces Han and Chewbacca to rescue her with the vague promise of a grand reward.
Han and Chewbacca reluctantly agree.
Luke plans to march into Detention Block AA-23, claiming that Chewbacca is part of a prisoner transfer.
C-3PO and R2-D2 are instructed to remain behind, and the trio sets off on their rescue attempt.
Upon being met with suspicion, they are quick to subdue the officers and guards in the princess's cell block.
Luke frees Leia from her cell, but the group are pinned down by a squad of stormtroopers.
Leia takes charge, blasting a hole in a nearby grate and jumping through while Chewbacca, Luke, and Han all dive after the princess.
The chute ends up leading to a garbage compactor that is also home to a resident dianoga.
Soon after landing, the creature pulls Luke under the surface, but releases him and is scared away when the Imperials realize where the heroes escaped to and activate the compactor.
As the walls close in on the foursome, Luke desperately calls to C-3PO over his comlink asking for the compactor to be shut down.
Leia struggles to get to the top and Chewbacca tries to unlock the door.
R2-D2 manages to shut down the compactor just in time, although, amidst the muffled cries of joy over the comlink, C-3PO is briefly convinced that his master and friends have been crushed.
After escaping from the trash compactor, the group hurries back to the Millennium Falcon, hoping that Obi-Wan has successfully shut down the tractor beam.
Leia and Han bicker about who is in charge of the mission, while Han muses no reward is worth dealing with Leia's scathing criticism.
Luke and Leia briefly become separated from Han and Chewie when Han chases after a group of stormtroopers, only to run into a whole battalion and be chased by them instead.
Luke and Leia nearly run into a large chasm and are forced to swing across with a Grappling hook amongst blaster fire, with Leia giving Luke a brief kiss "for luck".
The group soon reunite and make their way back to the Falcon.
This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi. It will soon see the end of the Rebellion.
Meanwhile, Obi-Wan, remaining completely undetected, shuts down the tractor beam.
Vader, however, had sensed his presence through the Force, and, while Obi-Wan makes his way to the Millennium Falcon, confronts his old master and engages him in a lightsaber duel.
Luke and the others make it back to the Falcon, where Luke and several stormtroopers witness the battle.
Sparing one last glance at Luke, Obi-Wan allows himself to be struck down by Vader, thus becoming one with the Force and allowing Luke and the others to escape.
Horrified and angered at having witnessed Obi-Wan's demise at the hands of Vader, Luke and the others are forced to flee on the Millennium Falcon under a hail of blaster fire from the stormtroopers.
Still mourning Obi-Wan's death, Luke helps Solo fend off a squadron of TIE fighters.
Despite their supposed victory, Leia correctly believes the empire let them go in order to track them to the rebel base.
The crew of the Falcon finally meets the Rebel Alliance on the moon of Yavin 4, and the information in R2-D2 is turned over to them.
General Dodonna plans the attack on the Death Star, as the plans reveal a weakness in the Death Stars design in the form of a thermal exhaust port leading to the station's reactor.
Believing a direct hit with Proton torpedos will cause a chain reaction that will destroy the station, Dodanna tells the pilots to man their ships in preparation for the battle.
To Luke's dismay, Han leaves after receiving his reward to settle his debts.
The Rebel strike force begins its attack on the Death Star, as the space station approaches Yavin-4.
A group of X-wing, and Y-wing starfighters, Luke among them, assault a trench on the Death Star's surface to hit the station's vulnerable spot before it can destroy the Alliance's base.
During this, most of the Rebel craft, including Luke's friend Biggs Darklighter, are picked off by a group of Imperial fighters led by Darth Vader.
Tarkin is told by an imperial officer that the Rebels do pose a danger, but Tarkin refuses to evacuate in their supposed moment of triumph.
With the Death Star only minutes from being in range to destroy Yavin-4, Luke makes one last run down the trench toward the exhaust port.
Just as Vader opens fire on Luke from his personal TIE Advanced fighter, Han returns in the Millennium Falcon and attacks the Imperials, resulting in Vader's ship getting knocked out of the trench.
Luke, aided by the voice of Kenobi and guided by the Force, accurately fires two proton torpedoes into the exhaust port and retreats.
Moments later the battle station explodes, killing Tarkin and everyone on board, while Vader escapes into space.
The few remaining ships (those of Wedge Antilles, Luke, Han, and a Y-wing Pilot) return to Yavin 4 and a victory ceremony commences, where medals are presented to the heroes, Han Solo and Luke Skywalker, by Princess Leia, as the rebels give them a standing ovation.
Luke Skywalker is in the Tatooine desert repairing a moisture vaporator, assisted by a Treadwell droid, when he notices shining objects in the sky.
With his macrobinoculars Luke sees two ships engaged in combat beyond the atmosphere.
He jumps into his landspeeder.
The malfunctioning Treadwell blows a fuse and is unable to follow.
Luke speeds off into the desert to find his friends.
The scene originally occurred after the Tantive IV is boarded, just before Darth Vader's first appearance in the film.
It was removed along with subsequent scenes of Luke and his friends in Anchorhead.
Luke's landspeeder races into the town of Anchorhead, nearly running over an old woman.
Luke rushes into Tosche Station excitedly telling his friends about the battle above their planet.
He is overjoyed to be reunited with his friend Biggs Darklighter who is on planet leave from the Academy.
Deak, Windy, Camie, Fixer and Biggs all follow Luke outside to see the battle with Luke's macrobinoculars.
The battle appears to have ended and Luke's friends ridicule him for making it all up.
This scene was to come just after R2-D2 and C-3PO eject from the Tantive IV in an escape pod, and before the scene where Princess Leia is led captive before Darth Vader.
This scene establishes Luke's difficult relationships with his peers, and gives a picture of life on Tatooine.
This scene is a conversation between Luke and his oldest friend, Biggs Darklighter.
Biggs has left Tatooine and is on planet leave from the Imperial Academy where he is training to be a space pilot.
Luke's envy of Biggs's success conflicts with his duty to his uncle and his reasons for remaining on Tatooine.
Biggs quietly tells Luke that he has decided to join the Rebellion against the Empire.
This scene was to come in between the scene where C-3PO spots a distant Jawa sandcrawler in the desert, and the capture of R2-D2 by the Jawas in the canyon.
The Luke and Biggs sequence was part of the whole Anchorhead backstory on Tatooine, and was cut along with the other early scenes on Tatooine, probably for reasons of story pacing.
In this short scene, Darth Vader and Chief Bast walk along a corridor on the Death Star.
Bast reports that the search for the missing droids has extended to Mos Eisley spaceport.
Vader observes that Princess Leia is resisting interrogation, and Bast boldly criticizes Tarkin's plan to break her as "foolish".
he scene would have appeared between the scene where Han Solo encounters Jabba the Hutt in Docking Bay 94 (also cut), and the scene where Luke and Ben find the Millennium Falcon in Docking Bay 94.
R2-D2 has absconded from his new master, Luke Skywalker. Early in the morning, Luke and Threepio rush off in the landspeeder to search for R2, with Threepio driving the landspeeder.
They talk about Artoo, Ben Kenobi, and how angry Uncle Owen is going to be.
The scene belongs at the start of the sequence where Luke and 3PO search for R2, before the attack of the Tusken Raiders.
Various alien creatures are seen walking around a narrow street in Mos Eisley, and some Stormtroopers walk past.
This is a scene with Darth Vader and another Imperial officer on the Death Star.
If you only knew the power of the dark side. Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father.
During the film, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princess Leia Organa are being pursued across space by Darth Vader and his elite forces.
It is a dark time for the Rebellion.
Although the Death Star has been destroyed, Imperial troops have driven the Rebel forces from their hidden base and pursued them across the galaxy.
Evading the dreaded Imperial Starfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Luke Skywalker has established a new secret base on the remote ice world of Hoth.
The evil lord Darth Vader, obsessed with finding young Skywalker, has dispatched thousands of remote probes into the far reaches of space....
The Rebel Alliance has been forced to flee its base on Yavin 4 and establish a new one on the ice planet of Hoth.
An Imperial Star Destroyer, dispatched by the Sith Lord Darth Vader, continuing his quest for Luke Skywalker, launches thousands of probe droids across the galaxy, one of which lands on Hoth and begins its survey of the planet.
Luke Skywalker, on patrol astride his tauntaun, discovers the probe, which he mistakes for a meteorite.
After reporting to comrade Han Solo that he'll investigate the site, Luke is knocked unconscious by a deadly wampa.
When Luke fails to report in at Echo Base, Han Solo goes out on his tauntaun to search for him in an encroaching storm.
Upon waking up, Luke finds himself hanging upside down in a cave; his eyes opening to the sight of a wampa eating his tauntaun.
Using the power of the Force, Luke is able to pull his lightsaber out of the snow and to himself.
After he ignites it, he cuts himself free and cuts off the attacking wampa's arm just in time, running out of the cave and escaping into the cold night of Hoth.
Luke tries to make his way to Echo Base on foot, but he finds himself lost in the blizzard and collapses in the snow.
Suddenly, he sees the Force spirit of Obi-Wan Kenobi appear before him.
Kenobi's spirit ghost instructs Luke to go to Dagobah to undergo training under Yoda, a Jedi Grand Master.
After the spirit ghost disappears, Han arrives to find an almost unconscious Luke, who is mumbling indistinctly about Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Dagobah.
Turning to his tauntaun, Han watches it collapse in the extreme cold.
To keep Luke from freezing to death, Han uses Luke's lightsaber to cut open the dead tauntaun and places Luke in it.
Han then sets about erecting a shelter for them both.
They are forced to stay out during the night as the aircraft (snowspeeders) that the Rebels use for atmospheric flight had not yet been adapted for the extremely low temperatures of the planet and are therefore unable to mount a rescue operation.
The next morning, Rebel Pilots flying the snowspeeders set out from Echo Base to search for the missing men.
Zev Senesca, one of the pilots in Rogue Group, makes contact with Han over comlink and the pair are rescued.
When they are taken back to base, Luke is put in a bacta tank for healing under the care of medical droid, 2-1B.
Princess Leia Organa urges Han to stay with the Rebels.
When Han assumes it is because she has feelings for him, Leia loses her temper and calls him a "stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder."
Meanwhile, the probe droid has spotted signs that indicate Hoth is occupied and sends a signal to the Imperial fleet, shortly before being shot at by Han Solo and Chewbacca and triggering its self-destruct mechanism.
Aboard the Executor, Admiral Kendal Ozzel dismisses the information as evidence of smugglers, nothing more.
However, Darth Vader knows better and orders the fleet to Hoth.
Han warns General Rieekan that the Empire is probably aware of their location, and Rieekan orders the evacuation of Echo Base to begin.
Darth Vader and the Imperial forces set course for the Hoth system to set up the attack.
The rebels load whatever equipment they can onto transports and plan a rear-guard action to secure their escape.
Luke, now fully recovered from the Wampa attack and subsequent exposure, says farewell to Chewbacca and Solo, who have decided to leave the Alliance to resolve their debt to Jabba the Hutt.
As the Imperial forces enter the Hoth system, General Rieekan orders full power to the energy shield that is protecting the base from orbital bombardment.
Aboard the Executor, General Maximilian Veers notifies Vader that Admiral Ozzel has emerged from lightspeed too close to Hoth.
Ozzel intended to catch the Rebels unaware before they could set up their defenses.
However, Vader realizes that the Rebels have been alerted to the fleet's arrival.
Via video communication, Vader Force chokes Ozzel to death for his incompetence, then appoints Captain Firmus Piett the new Admiral on the spot.
As Vader previously ordered, the Imperial ground forces, commanded by General Veers, land outside the Rebels' shield and march overland to destroy the power generator.
Princess Leia gives the Rebel fighters instructions on the evacuation to leave Hoth two to three ships at a time past the energy shield to a rendezvous point, which is beyond the outer rim.
Rieekan lowers the shields to fire the Ion cannon at one of the Imperial Star Destroyers allowing the first transports to escape.
The Rebel pilots assigned to hold off the Imperial ground assault depart the Hoth base for the oncoming battle against heavily equipped Imperial forces, who are armed with agile AT-STs (All Terrain Scout Transports) and monstrous AT-AT (All Terrain Armored Transport) walkers, led by General Veers.
The Rogue Squadron snowspeeder group led by Luke commences the attack.
Luke quickly realizes the AT-AT's armor is far too strong for blasters and decides to use attached harpoons and tow cables to tangle the walker's legs.
Luke's gunner Dak Ralter is hit and killed during the first approach.
This leaves Wedge Antilles and his gunner Wes Janson to make the first pass. They manage to topple one of the AT-ATs, which is destroyed as Rebel troops storm it.
The main AT-AT, commanded by General Veers, prepares to take their aim at the Rebel base's main power generator.
Suddenly, Luke's speeder is shot down by the Imperials, and crash-lands in the snow.
Luke escapes before an AT-AT can step on and crush his ship.
The Rebel base is now under direct attack and Imperial snowtroopers have entered the base, forcing Han, Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO to escape.
Leia gives the evacuation command for the base as they leave.
Luke, meanwhile, manages to destroy another AT-AT by using his hoist cable and lightsaber to get into the belly of the transport, tossing in a thermal detonator, and then detaching himself from the cable as a series of explosions neutralize the AT-AT.
The Rebels suffer major casualties as the result of the battle.
The main AT-AT, being driven by General Veers, gets within firing range of the power generator, then successfully blasts and destroys it.
Han, Leia, and company, now realizing they are being followed by Vader (who has arrived personally on Hoth), make their way to the Millennium Falcon in time to escape.
As the Falcon flies off, Luke reaches R2-D2 and his X-wing starfighter and finally departs Hoth.
Changing course from the rendezvous point, he sets his coordinates for Dagobah.
Han and company are pursued by Imperial TIE fighters.
Flipping the switch to take them to lightspeed, Han realizes (with reluctant help from 3PO) that the hyperdrive has been damaged.
While trying to fix the hyperdrive system, Han enters an asteroid field to hamper pursuit.
Luke lands on the marshy planet Dagobah, swamping his X-wing in the process, and R2 is nearly eaten by a Dragonsnake, which later spits him out, finding him inedible.
There, he discovers a diminutive and eccentric figure who fiddles around with Luke's gear.
After Luke tells him that he is looking for a Jedi Master, the being offers to take Luke to Yoda.
Back on the Falcon, while Leia tries to make repairs, Han makes his move on the Princess, drawing himself closer to her before both end up in a passionate kiss.
When Threepio arrives, Leia withdraws and walks away.
Vader orders the entirety of Death Squadron to begin sweeping the asteroid field to find the Millennium Falcon.
As the search continues, the dangers of the field begin to take their toll: an asteroid smashes into the bridge tower of a Star Destroyer, presumably killing all aboard.
On the Executor, Vader communicates with the captains of the other ships (the captain of the demolished star destroyer throws his arms up in horror, and the transmission fades).
One officer, Captain Lorth Needa, tells Vader that they should consider their damage. Vader firmly replies that they will continue the search.
Shortly afterward, Admiral Piett informs Vader that Emperor Sheev Palpatine commands he make contact immediately.
Vader orders his ship out of the asteroid field for a clear transmission.
In his private quarters, Vader receives a holographic message from Palpatine, alias Darth Sidious, who alerts the Dark Lord to a "new enemy who could destroy" the Empire - Luke Skywalker.
Vader suggests that if Luke could be turned, he would be a "powerful ally".
Lord Sidious agrees, saying that Luke would be a "great asset" and asks his apprentice if it could be done.
Vader declares Luke will join the Empire "or die".
Instead of going straight to Yoda, Luke is brought to the creature's hut.
Luke insists on going to find Yoda immediately, but the small creature only responds with "Not far. Yoda not far."
The diminutive figure then declares the boy lacks patience, but the voice of Kenobi tells the figure that the boy will learn patience if he is to be trained.
Only then does Luke realize that the small green figure is Yoda.
Yoda asks Kenobi if he will finish whatever training he begins, then suspects that Luke will someday succumb to fear.
The next day, while cleaning parasitic creatures called Mynocks off the Falcon, Solo and his companions are forced to escape what turns out not to be a cavern, but the inside of a titanic space slug (which resided in the asteroid the Falcon landed on).
Meanwhile, Luke begins a rigorous training regime from Yoda which includes moral lessons about the dangers of the dark side of the Force.
That particular lesson is driven home when he is told to enter a cave that is strong with the Dark Side's power.
Ignoring Yoda's counsel to leave his weapons, Luke enters the cavern armed.
Once inside, he has a vision of himself angrily confronting Darth Vader and beheading him.
However, the severed head's mask bursts apart and reveals Luke's face with a scared look underneath; it is a warning that if Luke battles Vader with no emotional control, he will become Vader himself, seduced by the Dark Side.
Back on the Star Destroyer, Vader enlists the bounty hunters, Boba Fett, Dengar, IG-88, Bossk, 4-LOM, and Zuckuss to find the Millennium Falcon for a "substantial reward".
One of the Imperial commanders finally spots the Falcon, leading to another pursuit which results in the Falcon eluding the Empire by making the insanely counterintuitive move of attacking the lead Star Destroyer.
However, at the last moment, the ship veers off and secretly attaches itself to the rear of the cruiser's command tower, which is not extensively covered by sensors, making it appear to have vanished from the Destroyer's point of view.
Days later, while training, Luke becomes distracted when he finds that his X-wing fighter has almost completely submerged into the swamp.
Luke declares he will never be able to get the ship out, seeing that it is too big for him to extract from the water.
Yoda says it is "no different, only different in your mind."
Luke says he'll "try" to lift the ship, but Yoda says "No, try not! Do or do not, there is no try."
Luke tries to use the Force, but to no avail.
Yoda reminds him that "size matters not" and gives him wisdom about the Force.
Luke denies all of this, then Yoda decides to use the Force to lift the ship out himself.
Luke is dumbfounded and incredulous.
Yoda senses the youngster's failures within his mind.
When the fleet disperses to search for the Falcon, the Rebels wait for the ship to do its standard dump of refuse before jumping, then detach to float away with it.
The Falcon's hyperdrive needs repairs, so Han decides to make their way to Cloud City, a gas-mining colony run by his "old friend" Lando Calrissian.
Unfortunately, the bounty hunter Boba Fett had deduced the Falcon's escape method and had his ship jettisoned with the waste to stealthily follow the fugitives.
The next day, Yoda reminds Luke of the things the young Jedi will see in his mind, the future, the past, and of friends he recognizes.
Luke loses concentration again and has a vision of his friends in danger.
He wants to leave Dagobah to rescue them, but Yoda reminds him that if he leaves now, everything his friends fought and suffered for will be destroyed.
Upon arrival at Cloud City, Han's party is welcomed by an old friend of his who goes by the name Lando Calrissian.
However, there are numerous elements that make the Rebels suspicious, not the least of which being C-3PO being found deactivated, dismembered, and almost recycled.
That evening, Luke and R2-D2 prepare themselves to leave Dagobah, but are warned by both Yoda and the spirit form of Kenobi not to end training so soon for a fight Luke is not ready for.
Ben declares that should Luke decide to face Vader, he will have to face him alone without interference.
Luke understands this, promises to return and complete his training, and his ship takes off from Dagobah.
Yoda is disappointed, declaring Luke is reckless.
Ben tells Yoda "That boy is our last hope", however, Yoda answers back, "No... there is another..."
A day later, Han and company find themselves betrayed by Calrissian who was approached by the Empire just before the Rebels' arrival and threatened him and the city unless he cooperated.
They became the captives of Darth Vader, who proceeds to torture Han and Leia to create a disturbance in the Force for Luke to detect.
Meanwhile, Chewbacca makes an attempt to rebuild C-3PO only to accidentally put the latter's head on backwards.
After being tortured, the rebels are informed by Lando that Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO would be confined to Cloud City and Han would be given to Boba Fett.
Leia believes Vader wants them all dead, but Lando tells her and the rebels otherwise and that he is after someone called "Skywalker."
The rebels immediately realize that Vader wants Luke and has set a trap for him, using them as bait.
After Lando announces that Luke was on his way, Han attacks his "friend," only to be restrained by Calrissian's security detail.
That afternoon, Vader enters a carbon-freezing chamber intending to freeze Luke Skywalker once he arrives.
The Dark Lord uses the opportunity for Boba Fett to deliver Solo to Jabba the Hutt (to whom Han owed a debt) by testing the device on Solo himself.
Han and company enter the chamber for the experiment.
At first, Chewbacca resists the stormtroopers, but Han restrains him, saving his strength for another time.
Han says goodbye to Leia with a passionate kiss before he is escalated into the carbon freezing chamber.
When he is successfully entombed in carbonite in a state of suspended animation, Vader hands over Han to bounty hunter Boba Fett for transportation to Tatooine to receive a bounty from Jabba.
One of the Imperial commanders informs Vader that Luke's starfighter has arrived on Bespin.
The Dark Lord orders Lando to take Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO to his Star Destroyer, reneging on a deal he made with Calrissian.
However, the Cloud City administrator has other plans.
Luke makes his way to Bespin safely.
He quietly walks down the corridors of Cloud City.
He spots Boba Fett who is taking the now-frozen Solo back to his ship.
He attempts to follow but is thwarted when the bounty hunter notices and opens fire.
Luke narrowly escapes and runs down farther into the corridor.
He finally meets up with Leia, Chewie, and Lando, who have been captured by stormtroopers.
Luke tries to ambush the group of Imperials, but is unsuccessful.
Leia yells at him and tells him that 'it's a trap!' Luke runs after his captured friends, hoping to save them, but wanders into the carbon-freezing chamber.
There, he meets with Vader and the two fight in an epic lightsaber duel, where Luke's undeveloped Jedi skills are no match for Vader's experience.
The Imperials (escorting the Rebel prisoners out of Bespin) are overpowered by Cloud City security, setting Lando and company free. Chewbacca turns against Lando for betraying Han and chokes him, but he manages to tell the Wookiee there's still a chance to rescue Han at the East Platform.
C-3PO is reunited with his companion R2-D2.
Lando and company arrive too late as Fett's ship takes off, then engage in a fierce battle with stormtroopers.
Luke and Vader continue the duel in the darkened rooms of Cloud City.
Luke nearly follows Han's fate when he falls into the freezing chamber itself but manages to leap out of it with the Force a moment before Vader activates the freezing system. The fight continues.
Vader uses the Dark Side of the Force, hurling everything that comes to hand at Luke: equipment, construction elements and furniture.
Luke is quickly pulled out and the fight moves to the emergency platform.
As the gunfight continues, Lando orders an evacuation of Cloud City before the arrival of the main forces of the Empire, then the rebel company manages to find their last hope of escape... the Millennium Falcon.
On the emergency platform of Cloud City, Luke and Vader continue the duel.
Vader knocks Luke off his feet and invites him to surrender so that he won't let himself be killed, like Obi-Wan.
During the duel over the abyss, Luke strikes Vader with his lightsaber in his right shoulder, slightly damaging his dark armor.
Vader is furious and severs Luke's right hand and wrist, which is holding his lightsaber, and both are lost in the abyss.
Then he reveals to Luke the devastating truth about his father
Luke does not want to believe what he heard and accuses Vader of lying, but he advises the young man to listen to his own heart, and thus understand that this is pure truth.
Shocked and frightened by the cruel truth, Luke falls into despair, still not wanting to believe what he heard.
Vader invites the young man to reunite with him in order to destroy the Emperor together and rule the galaxy as a father and son.
However, Luke chooses suicide over being corrupted and allows himself to fall down the deep shaft.
Luke is sucked into an air vent, exits the underbelly of the city and catches an antenna beneath Cloud City.
Facing clear death, Luke calls out to Ben Kenobi in vain (Kenobi had warned Luke that he would not be able to help Luke once he faced Vader).
Leia mysteriously senses Luke's telepathic distress call.
Despite his and Lando's confusion, Chewie turns the Falcon around at Leia's insistence and returns to Cloud City.
Using the ship's top hatch, Lando manages to catch Luke once the wounded Jedi drops himself to the Falcon positioned beneath him, and the ship flees as TIE Fighters race toward them.
The Falcon finally leaves Bespin's gravitational field and is about to escape into hyperspace when the hyperdrive system again fails (as it turns out - this is the work of the imperial specialists, as reported by the city computer R2-D2 accessed).
Vader asks for confirmation that the Millennium Falcon's hyperdrive system was deactivated to prevent their escape, then orders weapons be set to stun.
As the Imperials pursue the Falcon, the injured Luke telepathically hears the voice of Vader calling to him.
He answers, "Father...", while Vader telepathically calls, "Son, come with me".
Luke senses it is Vader, then bemoans, 'Ben, why didn't you tell me?'
C-3PO demands that R2-D2 finish reconstructing him after his ordeal in Cloud City.
However, with quick ingenuity, R2 manages to re-activate the Falcon's hyperdrive system just in time for the ship to flee to hyperspace.
Vader is disappointed and retreats to his secret quarters in his Star Destroyer, ignoring Piett's failure.
On a EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate at the Rebel fleet's rendezvous point, Luke is under the care of 2-1B again which includes the installation of a prosthetic hand.
Lando and Chewbacca begin their parts of a most dangerous mission...rescuing Han.
Lando promises to Leia they'll bring her back the man she loves.
The movie ends with Luke, Leia, and the droids looking on as the Falcon departs for unknown territories, setting the stage for Return of the Jedi.
General Veers is about to destroy the shield generators when Hobbie, a Rebel pilot, flies his damaged snowspeeder toward Veers's walker.
One of Veers's men says, 'Look out! He's going to...' Hobbie crashes his fighter into the cockpit of Veers's AT-AT Walker, which is blown up, killing both Hobbie and Veers.
According to the fourth version of the script for The Empire Strikes Back, there is some extra dialogue concerning the wampas and a scene involving R2 getting chased down a hallway by one while the Rebels blast it.
One of the Rebels calls in the report saying, "We got it, sir, but there may be more," (talking to General Rieekan).
The general tells her they are working on it and then they are alerted to a "visitor"—the Imperial probot.
Since it is revealed to be metallic, Leia remarks, 'Then it couldn't be one of those creatures'—referring to the wampas, of course.
In the scene where Han Solo is about to go after Luke Skywalker on a tauntaun, a dead tauntaun is seen on the floor being examined by 2-1B, the medical droid.
The wampas have already broken into the base at this point and have obviously attacked some tauntauns.
They break in once around the time of Han and Leia's argument in the hallway (see the picture below from the comic adaptation) and again when C-3PO and R2-D2 are walking towards the hangar and commenting about the temperature in Leia's chamber.
Later, when Han is wondering where Luke is, he comes across the Rebels examining the dead tauntaun.
Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt.
Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE has secretly begun construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star.
Almost a full year after the events of The Empire Strikes Back,[5] Darth Vader lands in the docking bay of the incomplete second Death Star, which the Empire designed to be more powerful than the first.
He is greeted by Moff Tiaan Jerjerrod, but demands construction be put back on schedule in order to complete the Death Star on time.
Jerjerrod argues that they need more men, but quickly agrees to double their efforts when he learns that the Emperor is coming.
If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt… you'd probably short-circuit.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker and company have arrived on Tatooine in an attempt to rescue their friend Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt's desert palace.
First, the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO arrive with a holographic message from Skywalker asking Jabba to release Solo.
In exchange, the two droids are presented as gifts to the crime lord; Luke promises that both are hardworking and that they will serve him well, which Jabba agrees to silently.
The two droids are then sent to their quarters, where EV-9D9 harshly barks at the two when they explain what they can do.
3PO is ordered to be Jabba's interpreter, while R2 is tasked with working on the Khetanna.
That evening, the Max Rebo Band (led by Sy Snootles) entertains the Hutt's guests.
Jabba, engaged by the graceful gyrations of his collared slave girl Oola, starts tugging on her chain and commanding her to come to him on his throne.
Oola fearfully resists him, and in annoyance, Jabba pushes a button on his throne, and Oola is dropped through a hidden trapdoor at the foot of his throne, into the hole of the rancor monster, which immediately devours her.
Later, Princess Leia Organa (in the guise of bounty hunter Boushh) arrives with Chewbacca as her "prisoner" to collect part of the bounty Jabba sought years earlier when he put a price on Solo's head.
After much bargaining (including Leia threatening Jabba with a thermal detonator), Jabba settles on a deal, and has Chewbacca imprisoned.
That night, Leia releases Han Solo from his carbonite enclosure, and after revealing her identity to him, she kisses him.
As they prepare to escape, they are caught by Jabba and his thugs.
Ignoring Han's pleas, Jabba has the captain thrown in prison with Chewbacca.
Although Lando Calrissian (disguised as one of Jabba's prison guards) tries to sneak off with Leia, Jabba stops them and orders a Gamorrean guard to bring Leia to him.
Leia warns the Hutt that he will regret capturing the Rebels, but Jabba ignores the threat and licks her face.
Leia is forced to become Jabba's newest slave girl, being made to wear a dancing costume and chained to the throne as a trophy.
Later, Luke arrives at the palace. Jabba and most of his court are asleep, but are awoken by Bib Fortuna (who, in trying to impede the Jedi's entrance, is Force-tricked into welcoming him).
Leia remains silent beside the Hutt, despite her rising hope at seeing Luke.
Luke demands that Jabba release Han and his other friends, but Jabba refuses the young Jedi's offer.
Luke uses the Force to pull a nearby blaster and attempts to shoot Jabba, but the Hutt activates the trapdoor to protect himself, dropping the Jedi and an unfortunate guard into the rancor pit.
After a battle with the rancor (which devours the fallen guard), Luke ultimately kills the monster by crushing it under the gate of its compound, piercing its neck with the spikes at the bottom of the gate.
He is then captured and brought up by Jabba's thugs. Jabba, furious, chokes Leia until she falls back on his stomach, and orders the prisoners to be brought before him.
Luke, Han, and Chewbacca are brought before Jabba, exchanging relief at each other's safety as Leia struggles with Jabba to sit upright before him.
Using C-3PO as a translator, Jabba sentences Luke and his friends to be taken to the Dune Sea for termination (over a course of a thousand years) by the man-eating sarlacc at the Great Pit of Carkoon.
Leia is spared from execution since she is Jabba's favorite slave.
As Jabba orders the prisoners to be taken away, Luke warns him that he's made his last mistake, at which the Hutt laughs in amusement.
Jabba, This is your last chance. Free us, or die.
Jabba, accompanied by Leia and several of his thugs, travels to the Pit of Carkoon via his sail barge, while the prisoners are taken on a smaller skiff.
En route, R2-D2 is tasked with serving drinks to Jabba's guests, and the Max Rebo Band plays music in the background.
Jabba allows Leia to climb off his throne and watch her friends from a window.
Leia glares back at him and returns to watching, and Jabba chuckles.
Jabba then informs Leia that she will soon learn to appreciate him and makes her drink from his goblet.
Outside, Luke and his companions (with Lando, still in disguise) discuss their situation.
Han, still half-blinded from the side-effects of carbonization, is sure that they are all going to die, and Luke tries to reassure him of their ultimate safety, but Han is not easily convinced.
Elsewhere in the sail barge, C-3PO literally runs into R2-D2 and knocks over the shorter droid's drink tray.
C-3PO laments their friends' imminent deaths, but R2-D2 shows a kind of confidence, which C-3PO doesn't see any reason for.
When the vehicles ultimately reach the pit, Jabba has C-3PO announce the group's deaths, but that he is willing to now listen to their pleas.
Han calls Jabba names and tells him that he'll not get any pleasure from their pleading, much to the Hutt's amusement, and Luke offers a final chance for Jabba to free him and his friends or die.
Jabba and his guests laugh off this last threat and order the execution to commence.
Luke gets ushered off of a plank and into the sarlacc, only to Force-flip up through the air and onto the skiff.
Meanwhile, R2-D2 launches Luke's newly built lightsaber from a hidden panel in his housing, and Luke catches it and begins to attack his captors.
As Jabba furiously orders his thugs to intervene, C-3PO gets knocked over.
Leia looks around, ready to use her false submission to the Hutt to her advantage.
Boba Fett uses his jetpack to fly off of the barge and land on the skiff as Luke is in the act of freeing Han and Chewbacca.
Luke uses his lightsaber to cut Fett's blaster in half, and Chewbacca pushes the bounty hunter onto the deck.
Luke then jumps onto another of the accompanying skiffs to fight off the thugs there.
While fighting the skiff pilot, Lando falls off the side of the skiff, and although he manages to hold onto a wire, one of the sarlacc's tentacles begins to pull him to his death, and Han and Chewbacca have to carefully rescue him.
Han accidentally activates Fett's backpack when he turns around and smashes the butt of an axe against it.
Fett subsequently flies out of control from the skiff, crashing against the hull of the barge before falling into the sarlacc's open mouth, making it belch.
Aboard the sail barge, Leia smashes the controls for the sail barge's interior lights, throwing it into darkness, and proceeds to strangle Jabba with her chain, killing him.
Leia jumps off of the throne and has R2-D2 help break her chain, then heads for the stairs to the top level of the sail barge.
Meanwhile, Salacious B. Crumb attacks the fallen C-3PO, and R2-D2 uses the same device he'd freed Leia with to chase the lizard-monkey away.
Reaching the surface, the droids jump off the edge of the sail barge and land in the Tatooinian sand.
Luke and Leia defeat the remaining thugs on the sail barge, then Luke has Leia point the gun toward the heart of the vehicle.
They prepare to swing from a loose cable on the barge's sails, and Luke discharges the gun, beginning to destroy the barge.
They swing to their rescue on the land skiff with Han, Lando, and Chewbacca, then use magnets to pick up the two droids from the sand.
Later, the crew departs Tatooine, all but Luke and R2-D2 headed for the rendezvous point near Sullust where the Rebel Alliance is assembling, while Luke and R2-D2 (in their X-wing) head for Dagobah to fulfill a promise to Yoda.
On the second Death Star, the Emperor, Darth Sidious, arrives and praises Darth Vader on his efforts in the construction of the Death Star.
He also senses that Vader craves the continuation of his search for his son, Luke.
The old Sith Lord assures his apprentice that Luke will seek Vader out, that only together would the Sith be able to turn Luke to the dark side of the Force, and that everything was proceeding as the Emperor has foreseen.
Luke and R2-D2 arrive on Dagobah to find a terminally ill Yoda.
Luke has returned to complete his Jedi training, but Yoda declares no further training is required.
All that remains for Luke is to confront Vader.
Yoda then reveals that Vader is indeed his father.
The 900-year-old Jedi Master gives one last mention of wisdom to the young Jedi before he dies, disappearing in the way Obi-Wan Kenobi did aboard the first Death Star, thereby becoming one with the Force.
As Luke approaches his X-wing, the ghost form of Obi-Wan confirms that Vader was once Anakin Skywalker, a former Jedi Knight who turned to the dark side of the Force.
Kenobi also reveals that Luke has a twin sister, hidden from Luke at birth as protection from the Emperor. Luke senses that his sister is Leia.
Kenobi warns Luke to bury his feelings, for they could in time "serve the Emperor."
The Emperor has made a critical error, and the time for our attack has come.
At the rendezvous point near Sullust, the Rebel Alliance gathers to reveal plans to attack the Death Star.
As part of the plans, Luke, Leia, Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, R2-D2, and a strike team must penetrate the deflector shield generator on the forest moon of Endor in order to deactivate the shield if the Rebel fleet is to attack the Death Star.
However, Vader knows this because he could sense that his son was with them and allows them to land on the planet.
Luke senses his father as well and begins to believe that he has endangered the mission by coming.
The strike team lands on Endor only to be discovered by Imperial scout troopers.
A speeder bike chase ensues, only for Leia to be thrown off her speeder and knocked unconscious.
Luke and Han discover Leia's helmet, then they, with Chewbacca and the droids, try to find her.
Leia is awakened by one of Endor's forest creatures, an Ewok named Wicket W. Warrick. Suddenly, another scout trooper discovers Leia, but Wicket does away with the trooper before rescuing Leia.
Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and the droids, meanwhile, fall into a booby trap set by the Ewoks.
R2-D2 cuts open the net, setting them free, but the Ewok tribe discovers C-3PO and proclaims him to be their god.
The droid's Human and Wookiee friends are taken prisoner, and the Ewoks proclaim Han to be the main course in a banquet in C-3PO's honor.
Discovered by Leia, Luke then uses the Force to levitate C-3PO to show off his "great magic."
Convinced of the Rebels' good intentions, the Ewoks set them free and later that evening make them "part of the tribe," thereby agreeing to join the fight against the Empire.
But Luke decides the time has come to leave Endor and face Darth Vader.
Leia follows Luke out of the tribal gathering, whereupon he tells her that Vader is his father and she is his sister.
Leia is utterly shocked, but accepts the truth.
She is comforted by Han Solo.
Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken... about a great many things.
Vader arrives in his shuttle on a docking bay, and Luke, having already surrendered to the Empire, talks with Vader in an attempt to bring the Sith Lord out of the dark side of the Force, but to no avail.
The Empire takes Luke into custody for transportation to the Death Star.
The next day, the Rebels attempt to locate the shield generator, and the Rebel fleet enters hyperspace from Sullust to prepare for the final attack.
Luke and Vader finally enter the Death Star and confront the Emperor, who looks forward to completing Luke's training and believes that while Vader would never turn from the dark side, neither would Luke.
He also reveals that it was he who coordinated the Rebels finding the secret plans and locating the shield generator so that the Alliance can fall into a trap of Sidious' devising.
The Rebels enter the heart of the shield generator, only to be taken prisoner by the Imperial forces.
As they contemplate their options, the Imperial fleet, which they were led to believe was away, appears and an intense battle begins.
Han and the strike team are led out of the bunker by the stormtroopers, but the droids and the Ewoks have already orchestrated the attack on the Empire, and another intense battle commences with the Rebels and Ewoks on one side, the Empire on another.
The Emperor shows Luke the full power of the Death Star as the station, now fully operational, destroys one of the Alliance's ships
Meanwhile, on Endor, the battle continues, with casualties (Rebel, stormtrooper, and Ewok) already mounting.
Eventually, Han, Leia, and Chewbacca gain access to the bunker.
Back on the Death Star, Luke, with the encouragement of Darth Sidious, lashes out at him with his lightsaber, only to be deflected by Vader, and the final duel between father and son begins.
As Luke climbs onto a balcony, Vader throws his lightsaber at his son.
It misses Luke and knocks the balcony down, taking Luke with it.
Vader stalks for a hidden Luke to let down his guard, while quietly sensing within his son's mind that Luke has a sister.
Vader threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not, prompting Luke to respond viciously in intense saber fighting, up to the point where Luke strikes off Vader's right mechanical hand.
Sidious betrays Vader by encouraging Luke to take his father's place at his side, but Luke controls his anger and throws his lightsaber aside.
He declares himself to be a Jedi Knight like his father Anakin had been before he turned to the dark side into Darth Vader.
Han, Leia, and Chewbacca escape from the bunker just in time for its destruction, thus bringing down the shield.
The Alliance is now free to attack the half-completed Death Star.
On the Death Star, the enraged Emperor declares that if Luke will not turn to the dark side, he will be destroyed, and uses Force lightning against the young Jedi.
He revels in torturing Luke by slowly increasing the intensity of the lightning.
Luke then cries out to his father to help him.
As the Emperor prepares to deliver the killing bolts, Vader looks at Luke and then the Emperor, conflicted whether to save his son or to continue serving his master.
Moved by his son's cries for help and unwilling to see him die, Vader turns back to the light side as Anakin and lifts the Emperor into the air, carries him over and throws him into the Death Star's reactor shaft, killing him.
However, in the process, Vader is struck by the Emperor's Force lightning, which enters his organic remains, striking his life support system and his respirator, mortally wounding him.
The Millennium Falcon and its remaining Rebel fighters enter the bowels of the Death Star, and some fighters engage in a point-blank attack on the Super Star Destroyer, causing the Imperial flagship's destruction.
You already have, Luke. You were right. You were right about me. Tell your sister you were right.
On the Death Star, in the middle of the evacuation, Luke carries his father's ravaged body to the foot of an Imperial shuttle's ramp.
Anakin stops Luke and asks him to remove his mask so that he can look upon the face of his son, just once, with his "own eyes."
Luke removes the mask and sees the face of his father for the first time.
Anakin's face is revealed to have turned pale white and scaly, and his head retains some vicious scars after 23 years from his duel with Obi-Wan Kenobi on Mustafar.
Anakin tells Luke that his son was right—he did have good left in him, and asks him to tell his sister the same.
With that, Anakin Skywalker, the redeemed Jedi Knight, smiles at his son and dies peacefully.
Luke bows his head in sadness.
The Millennium Falcon and its strike force (in the last Rebel fighter inside) reach the Death Star's main reactor and fire concussion missiles and proton torpedoes at it, causing it to collapse.
Luke escapes the Death Star with his father's body and flies out through the flames, as do Wedge Antilles and the Millennium Falcon before the Death Star explodes.
Seeing the destruction from above, Han senses Leia's love for Luke.
He offers to step aside when Luke arrives, but she tells Han that Luke is her brother.
After a moment of speechless surprise, Han and Leia engage in a passionate kiss.
That evening in Endor, Luke sets a funeral pyre ablaze to cremate the body of his father, still encased in Darth Vader's outfit, per the Jedi funeral rite.
His father's organic body becomes one with the Force.
Through the rising flames and fireworks, Rebel fighters streak across the sky in celebration of one of the greatest Rebel victories in the Galactic Civil War.
The planets Bespin, Tatooine, Naboo, and Coruscant also celebrate.
Luke is reunited with his companions Han, Lando, the droids, Chewbacca, the surviving Rebel fleet, the Ewoks, and his sister, Leia.
Luke then catches sight of the Force ghosts of Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, and Anakin Skywalker.
Luke is pleased: not only is he now a Jedi, but his father is once again on the light side of the Force.
Leia and Luke rejoin their friends and colleagues as the Force ghosts of Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Anakin look on with pride.
Luke Skywalker has vanished.
In his absence, the sinister FIRST ORDER has risen from the ashes of the Empire and will not rest until Skywalker, the last Jedi, has been destroyed.
With the support of the REPUBLIC, General Leia Organa leads a brave RESISTANCE.
Leia has sent her most daring pilot on a secret mission to Jakku, where an old ally has discovered a clue to Luke's whereabouts....
Approximately 30 years after the destruction of the second Death Star, Luke Skywalker, the last known surviving Jedi Master has disappeared.
Both the First Order, a successor to the fallen Galactic Empire, and the Resistance, a military force backed by the New Republic led by Luke's twin sister, General Leia Organa, scour the galaxy in an attempt to find him.
Leia sends Resistance pilot Poe Dameron on a secret mission to the village of Tuanul on the desert planet Jakku, to meet with village elder Lor San Tekka, who has obtained a map to Luke Skywalker's location.
During the meeting, First Order stormtroopers under the command of Kylo Ren and Captain Phasma attack the village.
Poe and his astromech droid BB-8 attempt to flee in their T-70 X-wing starfighter, but a pair of stormtroopers disable the engines with their blasters.
With no alternative, Poe gives the map to BB-8 and orders the BB unit to flee.
Poe remains behind to cover BB-8's escape.
After stormtrooper FN-2187 is deployed, FN-2003 is hit with blaster fire by Poe.
FN-2187 goes to help his squadmate, but FN-2003's wound proves fatal, and in his final moments, FN-2003 smears his blood on FN-2187's helmet before dying, deeply affecting FN-2187.
Tekka is captured and brought before Kylo Ren, who demands to know where the map leading to Luke is.
Tekka responds that he knows who Ren used to be, and chides Ren that he cannot escape his real identity. Growing impatient, Ren kills Tekka by striking him down with his lightsaber.
Poe takes a shot at Ren from cover, but Ren casually stops the blaster bolt in mid-air with the Force.
Poe is captured, and Ren decides to interrogate him further back on their ship.
Before leaving, Phasma asks what to do with the crowd of captive villagers, and Ren orders them all slaughtered.
Stormtrooper FN-2187 is horrified as the massacre plays out in front of him, remaining motionless and not firing his weapon.
Returning to the Resurgent-class Star Destroyer Finalizer, FN-2187 is overwhelmed with emotions because of the death of his squadmate and the massacre of the villagers.
He ducks inside an empty shuttle to take his helmet off, breathing heavily, but Phasma notices him and tells him to submit his blaster for inspection, having earlier noticed that he did not fire a shot.
Knowing he would be punished and re-evaluated for not firing on the villagers, and with his faith in the First Order severely shaken, he decides to desert.
Meanwhile, after failed attempts of torturing Poe for vital information about the map of Luke Skywalker's location, Ren uses his mind probe Force power to pry the information from Poe's mind.
Ren learns that the map is located within a BB series droid that fled the village, and informs General Armitage Hux of the new information.
Elsewhere on Jakku, a scavenger named Rey traverses the corridors of a downed Imperial-class Star Destroyer at the Graveyard of Giants.
Scavenging through the Imperial Star Destroyer, she finds a valuable piece of salvage and drops it in her satchel.
Rey heads to Niima Outpost, and hauls the sack of salvage throughout the town.
She then goes to Unkar Plutt to exchange her scraps for foodstuff, and he offers her a quarter portion for her salvage.
After taking the foodstuff, Rey heads to her home, a downed AT-AT, and prepares a meal for herself.
She immediately runs off with her quarterstaff to investigate.
There, she encounters BB-8 struggling against being captured by a green-skinned humanoid scavenger named Teedo.
She frees the droid and gives it directions to Niima Outpost and sends it on its way, but BB-8 insists on traveling with her.
Rey goes to Unkar Plutt to again exchange her salvage for foodstuff, and the Crolute offers to buy BB-8 for sixty food portions; while tempted, Rey declines the offer.
Plutt then sends two thugs to steal BB-8.
Needing a pilot to escape, FN-2187 frees the captured Poe Dameron from his cell, and the two steal a TIE/sf fighter.
FN-2187 mans the guns, killing several of his former comrades in the hangar, and then disables the Finalizer's turbolasers on the outside of the vessel.
During the escape, Dameron asks the stormtrooper his name, to which he explains that he has been raised from birth to be a stormtrooper, and the serial number "FN-2187" is the only designation he has ever had.
Not content with calling a man a number, Dameron names the trooper "Finn", from the FN in his name.
Finn likes the name, and goes on to use it.
Dameron also tells him that the map vital to the Resistance was located within his astromech droid.
Before they can continue their conversation and escape, the TIE is hit by a missile fired from the Finalizer, sending it spiraling towards the planet below.
Phasma reveals to Hux that this was FN-2187's first offense of non-conformity.
A technician then informs Hux that the TIE fighter was projected to crash on Goazon Badlands, a canyon zone on Jakku.
Realizing that Poe and Finn were going after BB-8, Hux sends out a squadron of search teams to the area.
While Finn staggers to an animal trough to desperately slake his thirst, he notices thugs attempting to steal a BB unit droid, which Finn recognizes as BB-8, from a woman, Rey, but she fends them off with her staff.
BB-8 notices Finn, wearing his master Dameron's jacket, prompting Rey to chase after him.
Rey attacks Finn, believing him to be a thief.
Finn explains that he had met and helped Poe escape the Resurgent Star Destroyer, but that Dameron had apparently perished during their crash. The First Order tracks Finn to the settlement, and launches an airstrike in attempt to search for BB-8 and the map.
Rey, Finn, and BB-8 attempt to flee towards a Quadjumper, but TIE/fo fighters destroy it.
With only one option left, the trio manages to escape in the Millennium Falcon.
Rey flies it through the Graveyard of Giants, while Finn fires on and destroys the pursuing TIE fighters.
With the TIE fighters destroyed, they escape into space.
Back aboard the Finalizer, Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka informs Kylo Ren that the droid escaped on a stolen freighter and that it was aided by the deserter FN-2187.
Ren activates his lightsaber and lashes out in a rage-fueled tantrum, slashing at an instrument panel uncontrollably.
Mitaka tells Ren that they also appear to have been helped by a local scavenger girl.
Kylo grows even more livid, using the Force to pull the officer by his throat across the room in order to choke him with his bare hands, and asking him what girl it was.
Chewie, we're home.
While Finn and Rey celebrate their escape from Jakku, the Millennium Falcon breaks down.
The ship is in major need of repairs, so Finn, Rey and BB-8 begin working to fix it.
Although they initially believe themselves to be captured by the First Order, they soon meet their real captors: Han Solo and Chewbacca, the former owners of the ship.
Upon boarding their old vessel, Han and Chewie go about inspecting their ship and find the two stowaways, Rey and Finn, who he assumes were the thieves that had stolen the Falcon.
When Rey and Finn explain that they were going to take a droid named BB-8 to the Resistance because it has a map that would reveal Luke's location, Han and Chewie agree to help them.
Unfortunately, Han's freighter, the Eravana, is boarded by two notorious criminal factions, the Guavian Death Gang and Kanjiklub, both of whom want their money back from Solo.
Not wanting Rey and Finn to be involved, Han hides both of them in the lower corridors of the freighter while he and Chewie go meet with the criminals, with BB-8 accompanying them.
Han tries but fails to convince both parties that he would fix things eventually, with the Guavian Death Gang negotiator, Bala-Tik, recognizing the BB-8 astromech droid from a First Order bounty placed on it.
They demand that Han hand over the droid and any stowaways he might have on board.
As the scuffle continues, Rey accidentally releases three rathtars.
The rathtars provide a distraction for Han and Chewie to escape, but one catches Finn and drags him around the freighter.
Rey finds a control panel and shuts a blast door on the rathtar, freeing Finn.
The two join Han and Chewie and successfully jump to hyperspace in the Falcon.
Bala-Tik then orders his men to inform the First Order that Han Solo and the BB unit are aboard the ship.
At Starkiller Base, a planet converted into a superweapon, powered by draining the energy of a star, and capable of destroying star systems, Kylo Ren and General Hux are summoned by Supreme Leader Snoke, who appears as a large remote hologram projection.
Hux suggests using the Starkiller superweapon to destroy the government of the New Republic and the Resistance, and Snoke grants him the permission to do so.
Snoke reveals to Ren that the astromech droid containing the map now resides in the Millennium Falcon - along with his father, Han Solo.
Ren insists that his father means nothing to him, and with Snoke's training, he would not be seduced to the light side of the Force.
Want to get BB-8 to the Resistance? Maz Kanata is our best bet.
During the travel in hyperspace, the Falcon experiences a problem with its hyperdrive, but Rey demonstrates her knowledge of ships by bypassing the compressor and fixing the issue.
Meanwhile, Finn attempts to bandage Chewie's arm, which was wounded while fighting on the Eravana.
After fixing the ship, Han questions Finn and Rey, wondering why they are fugitives.
Rey explains that the First Order is after the map located within BB-8 and that Finn is with the Resistance.
After BB-8 displays a projection of the map, Han explains that after Luke disappeared, there were many parties that went searching for him.
Luke had tried to rebuild the Jedi Order, but an apprentice of his turned to the dark side, destroying all that Luke had built and killing the other padawans that Luke had trained.
Feeling responsible and blaming himself for the failure, Luke went into exile.
Han also explains that he heard rumors that Luke went searching for the first Jedi Temple.
Solo explains that he was able to find the Millennium Falcon soon after it entered space because he and Chewbacca were scanning for its signature.
This was also why the criminal gangs were able to track it down so quickly, and meant the First Order could track it as well.
In order to bring BB-8 to the Resistance, they needed to switch to a clean ship, which Han says he can obtain from an old friend.
Solo takes Rey, Finn, and BB-8 to the planet Takodana to meet with Maz Kanata at her castle.
Han says that she has maintained her castle for over a thousand years, where she runs a bustling cantina.
GA-97 alerts the Resistance that the BB unit has been located, while Bazine Netal informs the First Order of the same.
Attempting to seek guidance from his grandfather, Darth Vader, Kylo Ren sits quietly in his meditation chamber.
In front of him is the burned helmet of Vader, recovered from the funeral pyre on Endor.
With the re-emergence of his father and Snoke's orders to kill him, Kylo feels an internal struggle within himself.
He reveals to Vader's burned helmet that the light is pulling him in again and that even Snoke could sense it.
He then asks his grandfather to show him the power of the darkness again, to pull him back to the dark side of the Force and help him overcome his future trials.
Han and Chewie speak with Maz.
Finn arranges with Sidon Ithano and his first mate Quiggold that he will work as payment if they will fly him to the Outer Rim.
Rey implores Finn not to leave, but instead to help her find the Resistance.
Finn, however, insists on leaving, and that there is no way to defeat the First Order.
He also admits that he lied about being in the Resistance.
He tells his story that he was a stormtrooper in the First Order.
He had deserted after his first battle because he didn't want to kill unarmed villagers, for the First Order.
After Finn leaves, Rey hears the screaming of a young girl.
The Force calls her to Maz's curio box, an ancient Wroshyr wood chest.
Inside it, she finds the lightsaber that had previously belonged to Anakin Skywalker and his son Luke.
Upon touching the lightsaber, she receives a series of visions.
Rey sees Cloud City and sees that there Luke duelled Darth Vader.
She sees Luke placing his metallic hand on top of R2-D2 near a fire, (presumed to be Luke's burning Jedi temple).
Corpses lay around the Knights of Ren who slaughtered these victims.
Kylo Ren notices and comes toward her.
Before he reaches her, she sees herself as a child yelling, to her parents to stay on Jakku.
When her parents were leaving Jakku, Unkar Plutt told her to quiet herself.
Next, she sees Ren is chasing her in a snowy forest, in the future.
After the vision, she finds Kanata standing outside the room.
Kanata explains to her the lightsaber's history and that it was calling to her.
Kanata then reveals that she herself is Force-sensitive; although she was never a Jedi, she can simply close her eyes and feel the light of the Force within herself, and recognizes that Rey can do this too.
Frightened by her vision, Rey runs into the woods with BB-8.
Today is the end of the Republic! The end of a regime that acquiesces to disorder!
After gaining Supreme Leader Snoke's permission to fire the Starkiller superweapon, Hux chooses the Hosnian system, which hosts the capital of the New Republic, Hosnian Prime, as well as the New Republic Defense Fleet, in order to demonstrate the power of the First Order in an attempt to wipe out the "illegitimate" government of the New Republic in one fell swoop.
The test is a success and Hosnian Prime, the current elected home of the Galactic Senate, all other astronomical bodies in the system, and an unknown percentage of the New Republic fleet are annihilated by the First Order's superweapon.
The destruction of the Hosnian system is visible from the surface of Takodana.
Shaken by the destruction, Finn re-evaluates his choice to leave.
The First Order, tipped off to BB-8's presence, arrives and attacks Maz Kanata's castle.
Flying in with TIE fighters and Atmospheric Assault Landers, the First Order swiftly assaults the castle and levels it, killing many of its inhabitants.
Maz gives Luke's old lightsaber to Finn for safekeeping, telling Han she doesn't have time to tell him how she retrieved it.
During the fighting at the castle, Finn wields the lightsaber to kill one stormtrooper before he is overpowered by FN-2199, a former squadmate of Finn's.
His life is narrowly saved by Han, who uses Chewbacca's bowcaster to blast FN-2199 at the last second.
Han and Chewbacca also kill multiple stormtroopers, but are captured along with Finn by the First Order.
However, Resistance T-70 X-wings led by Poe Dameron, who is now revealed to still be alive, arrive to fight the First Order.
A fierce dogfight ensues and results in the destruction of many First Order TIE fighters and the deaths of many stormtroopers from X-wing strafing runs.
Rey encounters Kylo Ren at the woods, and fires at him with her blaster pistol, but Kylo restrains her using the Force.
Probing her mind, he discovers that she has seen the map he's been looking for all this time, and orders the First Order to pull out, saying they had what they came for and no longer need BB-8.
As the battle rages on above the castle, the remaining First Order troops board their ships and retreat, and Han witnesses his son carrying an unconscious Rey away.
The Resistance is victorious, freeing Finn, Han, and Chewbacca.
Han and Leia are reunited, and Han reveals to Leia that he saw their son.
If Luke couldn't reach him, how could I?
Luke is a Jedi, you're his father.
Han, Chewbacca, and Finn are brought to the Resistance base on D'Qar.
BB-8 encounters the astromech droid R2-D2, who, as C-3PO explains, has been dormant since Luke's disappearance.
With the recovered map from BB-8 displayed on hologram, 3PO reveals that it is only partially complete, and that the map matches no charted system on record.
It is revealed that Han and Leia are aware that their son is Kylo Ren, and that their son's fall to the dark side, despite Luke's efforts to guide him, caused them to separate, with Han returning to his smuggling business and Leia spearheading the activities of the Resistance.
Upon finding the location of the Resistance base, the Starkiller begins draining the power of the sun to destroy D'Qar.
Meanwhile, the Resistance plans an attack of their own.
Finn gives them the Starkiller's blueprints, which reveal that the Starkiller drains the energy of a star in order to charge its primary weapon, and that it requires a thermal oscillator, which sustains the energy on the planet, in order to function.
If the thermal oscillator were destroyed, it would de-stabilize the planet's core and implode the base.
However, they would need to do it before the First Order charges the Starkiller weapon and destroys D'Qar.
Finn, Han, and Chewie volunteer to disable the base's defensive shield from the inside.
Before departing to Starkiller Base, Han and Leia embrace, and Leia pleads Han to bring their son home.
You're afraid... that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader!
Rey is brought to Starkiller Base and interrogated by Kylo Ren, who wants information on the map to Luke Skywalker.
Ren takes off his helmet and shows her his face.
Initially, Ren is able to see into Rey's mind, mentioning an island surrounded by water.
However, the dark warrior has a difficult time probing her mind, and Rey is even able to push back into Ren's mind.
After a mental struggle, Rey announces that she can sense fear in him - fear that he will never be as powerful as Darth Vader.
Humiliated, Kylo storms out of the room to seek audience with Snoke.
Left alone and aware of what just happened, Rey realizes it is as Kanata told her: she truly is Force-sensitive.
She attempts to use a Jedi mind trick on her stormtrooper guard, to make him release her and leave the door open.
It doesn't work, but Rey tries again: this time he walks over and tells her he will tighten her restraints instead of undoing them.
Concentrating, Rey tries one last time, and the stormtrooper listens to her demands.
Rey then makes her way through Starkiller Base, honing her Force abilities while using stealth.
She also draws on her experience climbing through wrecked Imperial starships to make her way through the bowels of the installation's machinery.
Meanwhile, Kylo reveals to Snoke that Rey is strong with the Force but untrained, and Snoke commands Kylo to bring Rey to him.
When Kylo discovers that Rey escaped, he throws another fit of rage, slashing at her empty restraint chair.
Han Solo pilots the Millennium Falcon to Starkiller Base accompanied by Chewbacca and Finn.
Finn's main objective is to rescue Rey from captivity.
Since the Starkiller's shields have a fractional refresh rate, Han pilots through the shields at lightspeed, and the Falcon makes a rough landing at the edge of a cliff.
Han, Chewbacca, and Finn sneak into the main base and capture Captain Phasma, whom they force to disable the shields before disposing of her in a garbage chute.
They reunite with Rey, who had already escaped on her own.
With the shields down, Blue Squadron and Red Squadron led by Black Leader Poe Dameron commence their assault.
They fire on the Starkiller's hexagonal oscillator structure, but fail to destroy it as the First Order sends TIE fighters to stage a counterattack and throw the Resistance into chaos.
Seeing this, Han, Chewbacca, Finn, and Rey try to create an opening by planting thermal detonators inside the base.
Sensing his father's presence, Kylo goes to meet Han.
Han then confronts his son, Kylo Ren, calling to him by his birth name, "Ben".
They approach each other on a bridge over a large pit, and Han pleads with his son to reject Snoke and return to the light side of the Force.
Ben, removing his mask and seeming regretful and scared, holds out his lightsaber to Solo, asking for his father's help.
Han replies that he would do anything for him, but when he tries to take the lightsaber from Ben's hand, he resists.
Ben twists the angle of the hilt and ignites the weapon through Han's chest.
Witnessed by Rey, Finn, and Chewbacca, Han strokes his son's face for the last time, before falling to his death.
Enraged, Chewbacca, Rey, and Finn start firing at Ren and the stormtroopers.
As the firefight rages, back on D'Qar Leia has to sit down when she feels Han die through the Force, squeezing her eyes shut against the tears.
Chewbacca injures Ren with his bowcaster, but Ren chases them out of the base and catches up to Finn and Rey in the forest.
Rey calls Ren a monster and then proceeds to shoot him with her blaster, but Ren knocks Rey out by Force pushing her into a tree.
A desperate and terrified Finn comes to her aid immediately.
Ren angrily accuses Finn of being a traitor.
Finn pulls out Luke's old lightsaber and attacks him in a rage.
Ren is already badly injured, bleeding out of his abdomen from the bowcaster wound, but even so is too much for Finn.
Finn manages to deal him a glancing wound, but nonetheless Ren quickly overpowers the former stormtrooper and deals him a grievous injury to his back.
Ren tries to use telekinesis to pick up the lightsaber his grandfather built, but it resists his pull and instead flies to Rey, who has awakened from her stupor.
During this time, Chewie activates the thermal detonators in the base, allowing Poe to lead a squadron of X-wings into the trenches of Starkiller Base.
Poe finds an opening in the thermal oscillator and enters, while a following TIE crashes, unable to execute the same flight maneuver.
Inside, Poe fires volley after volley of torpedoes, destroying the Starkiller's thermal oscillator thirty seconds before it finishes draining the sun to completely charge its primary weapon.
A chain reaction is set off, destroying the base and levels the entire planet's terrain - without the weapon to dissipate it, the stored solar energy begins tearing the planet apart from the inside.
Rey and Ren continue fighting: Ren has taken even more wounds, from Chewbacca, Finn, and Rey, but even so initially holds the advantage, drawing on his rage to ignore the pain.
Ren becomes so impressed with Rey that he tries to tempt her, complimenting her strength with the Force and offering to complete her training if she joins him.
This backfires, however, as it only serves to reassure Rey of her own power, she begins to draw on the Force to hone her attacks, and the tide of the duel shifts.
Ultimately, Rey is able to overpower Ren and deal him a severe wound to his face while severing his lightsaber in two.
By this point, Kylo has taken too many wounds to continue standing, but he still struggles in vain to rise again.
Rey returns to Finn, despairing that Finn is not waking up and that they are trapped on the rupturing planet.
However, Chewbacca arrives with the Millennium Falcon to rescue them.
Inside the main base, chaos reigns as General Hux has already fled, and the other officers rush to abandon the installation as well.
Hux, meanwhile, reports to Snoke, who orders him to rescue Ren and flee the base, so Ren can finish his training.
The Millennium Falcon and the remainder of the Resistance fleet manage to escape Starkiller Base as it erupts into a ball of fire, eventually forming a small star.
They jump quickly to hyperspace and return to D'Qar.
The Resistance celebrates their victory while Leia, Chewbacca, and Rey mourn Han's death.
R2-D2 suddenly awakens and reveals that he holds the map to Luke's location, with the only piece of the map missing being the one BB-8 was given by Poe.
Together they complete the map and reveal the location of Ahch-To, the planet on which Luke Skywalker sought out the first Jedi Temple.
As the unconscious Finn recovers in the medical unit, Rey kisses him on the head and thanks him for everything.
With R2-D2 and Chewbacca in tow, Rey leaves on the Millennium Falcon and follows the map to the distant planet, a water world dotted with islands, which she had previously seen in her visions.
Rey pilots the starship to a particular island with a large, ancient stone village on it.
She climbs the rock-carved steps to the top of the island, where she finds Luke Skywalker, with a grim look on his face. Both remain silent as Rey presents him with his father's lightsaber.
The FIRST ORDER reigns.
Having decimated the peaceful Republic, Supreme Leader Snoke now deploys his merciless legions to seize military control of the galaxy.
Only General Leia Organa's band of RESISTANCE fighters stand against the rising tyranny, certain that Jedi Master Luke Skywalker will return and restore a spark of hope to the fight.
But the Resistance has been exposed.
As the First Order speeds toward the Rebel base, the brave heroes mount a desperate escape....
Following their successful operation to destroy Starkiller Base, Resistance fighters evacuate their main base on the planet D'Qar onto their fleet.
Before they can complete their evacuation, a First Order fleet of Resurgent-class Star Destroyers under General Armitage Hux arrive.
Seeking to destroy the Resistance, Hux orders Captain Moden Canady to destroy the Resistance fleet and base with his Mandator IV-class Siege Dreadnought Fulminatrix.
After the Fulminatrix exits hyperspace, one of General Hux's officers reports that a single fighter is flying to confront them.
Together with his BB-series astromech droid, BB-8, Poe Dameron confronts the Fulminatrix in his X-wing Black One.
General Leia Organa, now widowed by the murder of Han Solo at the hands of their own son Ben, alias Kylo Ren, cautiously approves Poe's reckless plan.
Over the intercom, Poe taunts Hux and pretends to ignore his threat to wipe out the Resistance.
However, this verbal exchange turns out to be a ruse for Poe to power up his X-wing's cannons for an assault on the dreadnought.
Poe's X-wing quickly takes out the dreadnought's point-defense cannons.
When General Hux demands to know why Captain Canady is not shooting down the enemy fighter, Canady replies that the ship is too small and at too close range.
He bellows orders to scramble the fighters, realizing that Poe wants to take out his cannons.
Despite being attacked by TIE/fo fighters and TIE/sf fighters, Poe calls upon BB-8 to fix the ship's cannons so they can take out the dreadnought's last cannon.
Canady's dreadnought manages to destroy the Resistance base from orbit but not before the last transport led by Lieutenant Kaydel Ko Connix escapes into space.
With the evacuation complete, General Organa wants to evacuate the Resistance forces but Poe wants to take out the dreadnought.
Disobeying General Organa's orders to disengage, Poe continues with the assault.
BB-8 completes the repairs and Poe takes out the last cannon before shooting down the two pursuing TIE fighters.
With the Dreadnought's cannon's knocked out, Resistance bombers advanced on the Fulminatrix.
Despite having starfighter escorts led by Blue Leader Tallissan Lintra, several of the slow moving bombers are destroyed by TIE fighters.
Captain Canady orders that the dreadnought's auto cannons be recharged so that they can target the Resistance cruisers.
Several Resistance bombers are destroyed by a colliding TIE fighter, leaving Paige Tico's Cobalt Hammer as the last remaining bomber.
As the auto cannons recharge, Canady orders his TIE fighters to destroy the last bomber. Poe contacts Paige who heads down to her bomber's bay only to find the bombardier Nix Jerd knocked unconscious.
After a colliding TIE fighter kills the pilot Finch Dallow, Paige manually releases the bomb load just as the Dreadnought's auto-cannon finishes recharging.
The Fulminatrix and the Cobalt Hammer are destroyed in the ensuing explosions.
Despite the elimination of the dreadnought, General Organa is displeased by the high casualties including the loss of all of the Resistance's bombers.
The Resistance vessels escape by jumping to hyperspace.
Shortly later, Supreme Leader Snoke confronts Hux via hologram transmission for his failure to block the evacuation and the loss of a dreadnought.
He publicly humiliates Hux by using the Force to spin him on the floor.
Despite Snoke's disappointment, Hux insists the Resistance cannot escape for long because they have them "tied on the end of a string."
Aboard the MC85 Star Cruiser Raddus, Finn, comatose after losing a fight with Ren on Starkiller Base, awakens and immediately starts looking for his friend, Rey.
Poe welcomes Finn back upon his return, telling him Rey has already left.
Having arrived on the water world of Ahch-To with the Wookiee Chewbacca and astromech droid R2-D2 aboard the Millennium Falcon, the Force-sensitive Rey meets Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
She hands him Skywalker's lightsaber but he tosses it over his shoulder and walks away.
A puzzled Rey follows Luke into his hut in the nearby Jedi village.
Outside his door, Rey tells him that she needs his help.
She returns to retrieve Skywalker's lightsaber from some Porgs and spots Skywalker's T-65B X-wing starfighter submerged beneath the sea.
Later, Rey has Chewbacca break down Skywalker's door.
Skywalker recognizes Chewbacca and Rey tells them that they came on the Falcon.
Skywalker asks where Han Solo is.
Kylo Ren exits a turbolift and enter Supreme Leader Snoke's throne room aboard the Mega-class Star Dreadnought Supremacy.
Snoke commends Hux for his plan and sends him to the bridge to oversee the pursuit of the Resistance.
After Hux leaves, Snoke recalls seeing in Ren the potential to become a new Darth Vader, but now doubts his apprentice's resolve to fully embrace the dark side of the Force.
He orders Ren to remove his helmet, and upon seeing his scarred face—the result of his loss to Rey on Starkiller Base—he states that Ren has too much of Han's heart in him.
Ren protests, claiming he embraced the dark side by killing Han, but Snoke furiously retorts that Ren instead psychologically weakened himself in committing the murder, causing him to be defeated by Rey, a junk scavenger who had previously never even wielded a lightsaber.
Ren reacts angrily to the insult, but Snoke repulses him with Force lightning and dismisses him as just "a child in a mask."
Enraged, Ren destroys his helmet by violently smashing it to pieces against the walls of an elevator, before setting out in his personal TIE silencer to attack the Resistance fleet.
I will never train another generation of Jedi. I came to this island to die. It's time for the Jedi...to end.
Back on Ahch-To, Rey updates him about the First Order's invasion of the galaxy.
She tells him that they need his help and that they need Luke Skywalker.
Skywalker refuses to help because he believes he stands little chance against the First Order and walks away.
Rey insists that she is not leaving and follows him through the Temple Island.
She finds Skywalker milking a Thala-siren but he avoids her.
Skywalker uses a long pole to reach the other side of the cliff and catch a large fish.
Rey follows him through the rain back to his quarters, fingering her cloaked binary beacon.
While following Skywalker up a mountain in the mist, she senses a voice calling to her from the Tree library.
Inside, she finds the Sacred Jedi texts.
Skywalker follows her and explains that the tree library was built a thousand generations ago to keep the sacred Jedi texts.
Rey says that she saw this place in a dream.
When Rey tells Skywalker that the Resistance sent her, he asks about her identity, homeworld, and motivations for coming here.
Rey tells him that Resistance needs his help because of the First Order.
When Skywalker asks what she is doing here, she tells him that she needs his help to master the Force.
Skywalker refuses to teach her, believing that it is time for the Jedi to end.
Rey says his sister Leia sent him and that they deserve to know why.
While the Raddus travels through hyperspace, General Organa grieves over the loss of Han.
After the fleet exits hyperspace, Leia angrily reprimands and demotes Poe to captain for disobeying orders and leading Cobalt Squadron to their deaths.
Poe protests but Leia tells him that there are things that he cannot solve by getting into an X-wing and blowing things up.
Poe says that there were heroes on a mission but Leia replies, "Dead heroes, no leaders", and walks away.
When Finn asks General Organa how Rey is going to find them, she shows him her cloaked binary beacon.
Leia tells hers subordinates that their priorities now is to find a new Resistance base.
They are soon followed by a First Order fleet led by Snoke's personal command ship, the Supremacy, which has somehow tracked them through space.
Poe thinks they should do another hyperspace jump but Leia realizes that the First Order has tracked them through lightspeed, and another jump would use up the rest of their fuel.
Poe gets General Organa's permission to lead a starfighter defense.
Kylo Ren flies his TIE silencer, accompanied by three Special Forces TIE fighters, which inflict significant damage on the Resistance fleet.
Before Poe and BB-8 can board their X-wing, Kylo Ren fires a pair of torpedos into the Raddus' starboard hangar which destroy all the parked fighters and kill several pilots, including Lintra.
Poe and a damaged BB-8 survive the explosion. Meanwhile, General Organa and Admiral Ackbar order the remaining Resistance ships to move out of range of the Star Destroyers.
Lining up for a bombing run on the Raddus' bridge, Ren hesitates to fire after sensing his mother's presence on board.
However, his TIE fighter escorts take the shot, destroying the primary bridge and killing most of the Resistance's high command, including Admiral Ackbar.
Ren then retreats to the Supremacy after General Hux warns that the fleet cannot protect him and his escort TIE fighters.
A long pursuit begins, with the Resistance relying on their spaceships' mobility and deflector shields to stay out of effective weapons range while their fuel supplies dwindle.
Leia survives exposure to space by using the Force to fly back to the door of the Raddus' bridge.
Leia is rescued by her Resistance comrades but is rendered comatose by the ordeal.
Finn picks it up.
While Rey sleeps in her hut, Chewbacca roasts a porg over the fire.
While settling to his meal, he is confronted by the porg's kin.
Chewbacca tries to shoo them away but is struck by the sight of a sad-faced porg.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker visits the Falcon where he finds Han Solo's dice, a memento to his fallen friend.
Skywalker also has a brief reunion with R2-D2.
Skywalker refuses to come back but R2-D2 plays back the old hologram message from his sister Leia calling Obi-Wan Kenobi for help.
Leia's message causes Luke to reconsider his decision.
He visits Rey and agrees to give her three lessons, beginning tomorrow morning.
Skywalker promises to teach her the ways of the Jedi.
Back aboard the Raddus, Commander Larma D'Acy informs the assembled Resistance that General Organa is stable but in a coma.
She regrets to inform them that Admiral Ackbar and the Resistance High Command perished aboard the bridge of the Raddus.
D'Acy tells them that if Leia were here, she would tell them to save their sorrow till after the fight.
The chain of command falls to Vice Admiral Holdo of the cruiser Ninka.
Holdo gives a brief rousing speech before dismissing them to their posts.
Poe warns Vice-Admiral Holdo that they will eventually run out of fuel.
When he asks her what is their plan, Holdo reminds Poe of his demotion and dismisses him as a "hot-head" pilot whose recklessness she deems a liability.
Holdo orders him to stick to his post and follow her orders.
Holdo's actions grate Poe, who doesn't trust his new commander.
Finn, fearing for Rey's safety if she eventually returns to the fleet, decides to go looking for her and heads for the escape pod bay.
There, he finds a young Resistance mechanic, Rose Tico, mourning her older sister Paige, who perished during the bombing run Poe led over D'Qar.
Rose mistakes Finn for a deserter.
After awakening on a gurney, Finn tries to tell Rose about his plan to find Rey.
Rose thinks that Finn is being selfish.
He manages to gain her trust by convincing her that he can help take out the First Order's hyperspace tracker, which he is privy to due to his time with the First Order.
The two come up with a plan to infiltrate the Mega-Destroyer and take out the hyperspace tracker.
Finn and Rose share their plan with Poe and C-3PO in Leia's Medical bay room.
Not trusting Vice-Admiral Holdo's leadership, Poe agrees to the plan, believing that it can save the Resistance and Rey.
C-3PO says that Holdo will not agree to their plan but Poe is determined to proceed.
Since they can't get through the First Order security, they contact Maz Kanata, who is embroiled in a union dispute.
While exchanging fire, Maz tells them to seek out the Master Codebreaker in the casino city Canto Bight.
Before leaving to seek out the Master Codebreaker, Finn passes Leia's binary beacon to Poe.
Meanwhile on Ahch-To, Rey and Kylo Ren begin communicating with each other through involuntary shared visions.
Rey is hostile to Kylo due to their last encounter.
Startled by Ren, Rey shoots a hole through the roof of a hut, which annoys the native Lanai caretakers, who have maintained the Jedi structures since they were built.
Later that morning, Luke leads Rey through a cave into the First Jedi Temple.
Skywalker quizzes Rey about her knowledge of the Force, telling her that the Force is not simply a power but is the energy that binds all things.
During the lesson, Skywalker tells her to breathe and reach out with her feelings while touching rocks.
Through the Force, Rey sees the island, the cycle of life and death, warmth, cold, peace, and violence.
When prompted, she tells Luke that she sense the Force inside.
Skywalker explains that the Force does not belong to the Jedi, urging her to reject her simplistic view of the Force as cleanly defined between the light and the dark sides of the Force.
Rey senses a place beneath that is strong in the dark side beneath the island.
Rey senses it calling out to her as the stones beneath her float.
Rey says that it was trying to show her something Luke is alarmed that Rey showed little inclination to resist the dark side.
Not being able to sense Skywalker in the Force, Rey realizes that Skywalker has cut himself off from the Force.
Skywalker says he has seen this raw strength before in Ben Solo and that he regrets not taking action back then.
Later, Chewbacca has befriended several porgs, who have made their home aboard the Falcon.
Rey asks Chewbacca if they have heard anything from the Resistance to which he replies in Shyriiwook that he hasn't.
Rey and Ren continue to experience shared visions, and Rey excoriates him for murdering Han Solo, while Ren mocks her need to find replacement parental figures, first in Han and now Luke.
Kylo Ren asks Rey if Skywalker told him what happened at his Jedi Temple.
With the help of Poe, Finn, Rose, and BB-8 slip out of the Resistance fleet in a Resistance transport pod.
Poe warns them that their mission is urgent because they only have 18 hours of fuel left.
The travel to Canto Bight on the planet Cantonica in the Corporate Sector.
The three Resistance operatives park their transport on a public beach, antagonizing the Abednedo businessman Slowen Lo, who alerts the Canto Bight Police Department and tells them that the offworlders went to the Canto Casino.
While Finn is mesmerized by the wealth and opulence of the Canto Bight, Rose tells him that the city is built on exploitation.
While watching a fathier race at the Canto Bight racetrack, she explains that she came from a mining system that was exploited by the First Order, who later tested their weapons on them.
The two witness a child racer being beaten by the overseer Bargwill Tomder.
Finn realizes that Canto Bight is the haunt of wealthy war profiteers who sell weapons to both the First Order and the Resistance.
BB-8 spots the Master Codebreaker dancing with "Lovey" and alerts Finn and Rose.
However, they are spotted by Slowen Lo.
Finn and Rose are stunned by the Canto Bight police officers, who have them arrested for committing parking violation 27B/6.
Lovey notices the commotion but the Master Codebreaker is engrossed with a game of dice. BB-8 is thrown out of the casino by the police.
After parrying with her staff, Rey practices with Skywalker's lightsaber while Luke watches.
She uses her lightsaber to cut through a pillar of rock, which smashes a wagon belonging to two Lanai caretakers.
Later that evening, Skywalker explains that now that the Jedi are extinct, they are deified and romanticized.
He believes that the legacy of the Jedi is failure, arrogance and hubris because they failed to prevent the rise of Darth Sidious and his Galactic Empire.
Skywalker reminds Rey that it was a Jedi Master who was responsible for training Darth Vader.
Rey reminds Skywalker about the redemption of his father.
However, Luke is still tormented by the guilt of his failure to keep Ben Solo from falling to the dark side, believing that he failed his sister and Han.
Luke explains that he he sensed the darkness growing in Ren.
When he went to confront him, Skywalker claims that Solo turned on him.
When he awoke, Skywalker found his temple in flames and that Ben had taken some of his students and slaughtered the rest.
Leia blamed Snoke but Luke blamed himself.
Rey reassures Luke that the galaxy made him a legend and that she needs his help to find her place in this.
In space, General Hux orders the destruction of the Resistance medical frigate Anodyne.
Vice-Admiral Holdo watches in horror.
When Lieutenant Connix reminds her that they only have six hours of fuel left, she orders the emergency bridge crew to remain on their current cause.
Poe worries about Finn and Rose's mission and sends a message that they are running on fumes.
At the Canto Bight police headquarters, Finn and Rose encounter the slicer DJ, who offers to help them disable the First Order's hyperspace tracker in return for freedom.
With the help of BB-8, the Resistance operatives and DJ escape the police headquarters through the sewers.
Pursued by the police, they head to the fathier stables, where Rose convinces the stable children to help them escape, leaving one of them, Temiri Blagg, a Resistance ring.
Temiri releases the fathiers, creating a stampede that allows Finn and Rose to escape through the streets of Canto Bight.
However, it is destroyed by pursuing Canto Bight Mounted Police's speeders.
Their fathier carries them up a hill to the outskirts of the city where they narrowly avoid falling off a cliff.
Rose frees their fathier.
Before the Mounted Police can catch up with them, they are picked up by DJ and BB-8, who have stolen the luxury yacht Libertine.
Back on Ahch-To, Luke revisits the cliff-side outcrop where he first began training Rey and attempts to re-open his connection to the Force, succeeding when he makes mental contact with an unconscious Leia.
Meanwhile, Rey continues her conversation with Kylo Ren and demands to know why he hated his father, Han, but he didn't.
Noticing he is bare-chested, she asks if Kylo has something he can put on.
Kylo Ren claims that his father treated him like garbage and that he was taken advantage of by Luke and his parents.
Recounting his version of his falling out with Skywalker.
Ren claims to Rey that Luke grew afraid of Ren's growing power and tried to murder him while he was asleep and defenseless.
He tells Rey to let the past die and to kill it if she has to, adding that it is the only way to realize her potential.
Sensing the call of the dark side, Rey travels to a cavern beneath the island where the dark side is powerful and experiences a vision while touching a reflective rock wall, asking to see her parents but seeing only her own reflection.
Unable to find answers about her origins and family, she resolves to abandon her Jedi training and leave Ahch-To.
Rey returns to her hut where she communes with Kylo Ren.
Finding a kindred spirit in Ren, she reaches out through the Force connection to hold his hand.
They are soon discovered by Luke, by now reconnected to the Force.
Luke angrily destroys Rey's hut with the Force and demands that she leave Ahch-To immediately, but Rey attacks him in her rage.
Luke fends off Rey's attacks and disarms her, but submits when she threatens him with his own lightsaber.
He confessed that he contemplated killing a sleeping Ben Solo upon discovering his corruption by Snoke but instantly relented when he realized that it was a passing moment.
Ben, however, awoke to see Luke standing over him with an ignited lightsaber and immediately counterattacked, destroying Luke's new Jedi Temple and disappearing to become Kylo Ren.
Rey believes that Kylo Ren can still be saved from the dark side.
Skywalker warns her that it is not going to end the way that she thinks.
Rey is adamant despite Skywalker's warnings.
She tries to return his lightsaber to him but he lets her keep it.
Rey believes that Kylo Ren is their last hope.
Unable to convince Luke to join the Resistance, Rey leaves Ahch-To without him to confront Ren, hoping to turn him to the light side, succeeding where Luke failed.
Following Rey's departure aboard the Falcon, Luke returns to the Tree library with a torch, intending to destroy the ancient Jedi texts.
However, he is interrupted by the Force spirit of Yoda. As Luke hesitates at the task, Yoda himself summons a thunderbolt to destroy the library.
Skywalker tries to enter the tree but is driven back by the flames.
Yoda remarks that he has missed Skywalker.
Seeing the tree burning, Skywalker believes that it is time for the Jedi to end.
Yoda counters that it is time to look past "old books."
When Skywalker reminds him about the sacred Jedi texts, Yoda responds they were not "page-turners" which contained wisdom that already existed.
He tells Skywalker not to focus too much on the horizon but to pay attention to his immediate needs.
Skywalker blames himself for the loss of Ben Solo.
Skywalker is unconfident teaching Rey, but Yoda encourages him to pass on what he has learned.
Yoda counsels Skywalker that failure can be the greatest teacher.
As he and Skywalker watch the burning tree, he tells Luke "We are what they grow beyond. That is the burden of all masters."
While traveling through hyperspace aboard the Libertine, Rose asks DJ if he can disable help them to infiltrate the Supremacy and disable the hyperspace tracker.
When DJ asks for a price, Rose and Finn promise that the Resistance can pay him later.
DJ agrees to help in return for receiving Rose's gold pendant as upfront payment for his services.
Finn, knowing how much the pendant means to her, orders DJ to return it, to which the criminal tells him his philosophy: 'don't join.'
Finn also discovers that DJ and BB-8 stole the yacht from an arms dealer selling weapons to both the First Order and Resistance.
Proceeding with their plan, Finn, Rose, DJ, and BB-8 infiltrate the massive Supremacy.
After DJ slices through the First Order's sensor systems, he flies the Libertine inside the massive warship.
They steal First Order officer uniforms from an automated laundry room and make their way to a hyperspace tracker.
BB-8 is hidden under a trash container.
However, the intruders are spotted by the First Order astromech droid BB-9E.
While DJ is tinkering with the tracker's systems, Finn tells Poe to be ready to jump into lightspeed at his signal.
DJ managed to unlock the inner chamber of the hyperspace tracker.
However, Finn and his team are soon apprehended by First Order stormtroopers led by First Order Security Bureau Colonel Ansiv Garmuth and Captain Phasma, who gloatingly welcomes Finn home.
BB-8, still disguised, is able to evade capture.
By now, the Resistance fleet is down to the Raddus and General Hux is confident of victory.
Aboard the Raddus, Poe angrily confronts Vice-Admiral Holdo for being secretive about her plans.
He is anxious that the Resistance is down to one ship and asks what hope they have.
Holdo responds that hope is a fleeting faith.
Starring at a computer screen, Poe realizes that Holdo has ordered the refueling of all the Resistance transports.
He is outraged that Holdo is abandoning the Raddus and denounces her as both a coward and a traitor.
Holdo orders the guards to remove Poe from the bridge.
Poe also contacts Finn, who tells him that they managed to find a code-breaker and convinces Poe to buy them more time.
Back on the Raddus, Poe tells Holdo about his unsanctioned plan to send Finn and Rose to disable the First Order's hyperspace tracker.
Believing that Poe has placed the Resistance in even more danger, she orders that the transports be prepared for departure.
In response, Poe instigates a mutiny, apprehending Holdo and her command staff.
Poe and the mutineers including Lieutenant Connix take over the ship's emergency command bridge and try to restart the Raddus.
However, Holdo snatches a blaster and frees herself.
C-3PO refuses to take part in the mutiny and heads to the door, which is being disintegrated.
When the door collapses, he is startled to encounter a recovered General Organa, who stuns him.
Connix and C-3PO also surrender, ending the mutiny and allowing the evacuation to begin.
In the hangar, Leia remarks that Poe is a troublemaker while Holdo remarks that she likes him.
Holdo volunteers to stay behind and pilot the cruiser.
Leia is unwilling to risk anymore losses but Holdo tells Leia that she taught her how.
Later, a dismayed Poe awakes to see the transports evacuating from the Raddus.
Commander D'Acy tells Poe that they are evacuating to an old Rebel Alliance base on nearby Crait.
Leia tells Poe that she approved of Holdo's evacuation plan, and that Holdo was more concerned with protecting the light than being a hero.
Holdo wishes her comrades godspeed on the bridge of the Raddus.
As the Millennium Falcon travels through hyperspace, Rey tells Chewbacca to get to safety as soon as he gets her signal to rendezvous.
Rey climbs into her escape pod which is jettisoned out the Falcon after exiting hyperspace.
Rey flies the pod into the hangar where she is greeted by Kylo Ren and a pair of stormtroopers, who place her in binder cuffs.
As Kylo Ren takes Rey up the turbolift to Supreme Leader Snoke's throne room, she tells him that she feels the good in him and that she saw his future.
Kylo Ren responds that he foresaw that she will turn to him and claims to know who her parents are.
Snoke is pleased with his apprentice for delivering Rey, telling him that his faith is restored.
Snoke bids Rey to come closer, admiring Rey's strength and remarking that lightness has emerged to meet the rising darkness.
Snoke says that he warned Kylo Ren that as his powers grew stronger, so would his equal in the light.
He then snatches Skywalker's lightsaber from Ren's hand with the Force.
Snoke uses the Force to bring Rey closer to him.
Rey warns him that he underestimates Skywalker, Ben Solo, and her; and that it would be downfall.
Snoke claims that he was responsible for the mental connection between her and Ren as part of a plan to find and destroy Luke; exploiting their emotions and desires.
Snoke demands that Rey reveal Skywalker's location but she remains defiant.
Snoke uses the Force to levitate Rey and probes her mind for Skywalker's location.
Having probed Rey's mind and learned Skywalker's location, Snoke releases his Force grip on Rey and mocks Skywalker for his "wisdom."
He vows to destroy Skywalker and the Jedi Order.
Rey tries to seize Skywalker's lightsaber with the Force but Snoke uses the Force to hurl it at her.
He then uses the Force to levitate her and force her to watch the destruction of the Resistance fleet through a viewport.
Rey grabs Kylo Ren's lightsaber with the Force but the Elite Praetorian Guards flash their weapons.
Rey charges at Snoke but he uses the Force to throw her to the ground. Kylo retrieves his lightsaber.
Meanwhile, in the Supremacy's hangar bay, Finn and Rose are brought out for a public execution in the presence of General Hux, Captain Phasma, and many First Order officers, soldiers, and pilots.
Hux slaps Finn and thanks Phasma for her services.
Finn and Rose learn that DJ has sold them out for his own freedom and financial gain.
Rose calls DJ a "lying snake" and struggles against her captors.
DJ replies that they got caught and that the First Order was offering a better deal.
DJ also reveals the Resistance's evacuation plan to the First Order, which is confirmed by the departure of 30 transports from the Raddus.
General Hux orders the Supremacy to open fire on the Resistance transports, destroying several ships and inflicting heavy losses on the Resistance.
Vice-Admiral Holdo orders the transports to continue their journey to Crait.
Finn denounces DJ for his treachery but the criminal is indifferent to their struggle, remarking that "they blow you up today and you blow them up tomorrow."
DJ claims that it is just business but Finn disagrees.
Believing Finn and Rose to be a waste of blaster bolts, Phasma orders Executioner troopers to behead them with BL-155 Laser axes.
Snoke orders Kylo Ren to kill Rey with his lightsaber.
Believing he can read Ren's mind, Snoke is jubilant and mocks Rey.
However, Kylo Ren uses the Force to activate Skywalker's lightsaber, which impales and cuts Snoke in half, killing the Supreme Leader.
Ren uses the Force to pass Skywalker's lightsaber to Rey and the two join forces as the Praetorian guards converge upon them to avenge their fallen master.
Kylo kills one with his lightsaber.
Rey manages to kill a Praetorian with her lightsaber but a second Praetorian wraps his Bilari electro-chain whip around her blade.
Rey manages to break free by impaling the guard with her blade.
A third guard divides his Vibro-arbir blade in half and charges at Rey.
Ren is cornered by three guards but he breaks free and impales one, before throwing his body into a generator where he is disintegrated.
As the three other guards converge on him, Kylo kills two but is grabbed by one who traps him in a headlock.
Rey is trapped by the other guard but manages to break free by dropping her blade and then slashing him.
Rey helps Kylo to kill the last guard by handing him Skywalker's lightsaber, which he uses to impale the guard through the head, killing him.
Rey implores Kylo Ren to order the First Order gunners to stop bombarding the Resistance fleet but Ren tells her to let the past die including the Jedi, Sith, Resistance and the First Order.
When Rey refuses, Kylo compels Rey to admit what she thinks she knew all along: that her parents were insignificant junkers who sold her for drinking money, and that they are dead and buried in the wastes of Jakku.
Ren pleads with Rey to join him by his side.
Seeing the Resistance fleet in peril, Holdo climbs into the helm of the Raddus.
Not realizing Holdo's plans, Hux orders the Supremacy to continue firing.
Using the Force, Rey and Kylo struggle for possession of Skywalker's lightsaber until it breaks into two, causing a large explosion.
Watching the Raddus powering away, Connix thinks she is running away but Poe disagrees.
Holdo sacrifices herself to ram the Raddus into the Supremacy at lightspeed, cleaving it in two and destroying much of its escort fleet instantly.
The resulting explosion sets the Supremacy's cargo hold aflame and interrupts Finn and Rose's execution.
Amidst the inferno, Rose helps Finn up and the two search for a shuttle.
However, Finn and Rose are cornered by Phasma and several stormtroopers.
Before she can eliminate them, BB-8 commandeers a docked First Order AT-ST walker and intervenes, blasting the troopers.
Finn and Phasma duel amidst the chaos. Phasma manages to knock Finn to the ground with her staff.
Rose and Phasma exchange fire.
With Phasma distracted, Finn knocks her to the ground with his Z6 riot control baton.
With her helmet shattered, Phasma denounces him as "scum" but Finn retorts that he is "rebel scum."
Phasma falls to her death in a fiery chasm when the floor beneath her gives way.
Finn, Rose, and BB-8 then flee the Supremacy, commandeering a Xi-class light shuttle.
In Snoke's chamber, Hux surveys the corpses of Snoke and his guards in disbelief.
He sees the unconscious Ren and prepares to shoot him, but is forced to relent when Ren awakes.
Learning that Rey has escaped on Snoke's escape shuttle, Ren frames her for Snoke's death, but Hux knew that he was lying.
Ren then orders Hux to prepare for a ground assault on Crait.
This causes Hux to explode in fury at his rival's presumptuousness, but Ren angrily Force chokes him into submission, declaring himself the new Supreme Leader.
On Crait, the surviving Resistance fighters regroup at the abandoned rebel base, which was once a mine.
General Organa orders her forces to shut the shield door.
Pursued by TIE fighters, Finn, Rose, and BB-8 crash-land their stolen shuttle inside the base.
Following a brief shootout, a brief reunion ensues with Poe hugging BB-8. Rose leads the search for weapons and finds rusted ammunition and several old ski speeders.
Poe and Leia also send a distress signal to their allies in the Outer Rim Territories, seeking help.
They realize that the First Order Army has arrived with a phalanx of AT-AT, AT-M6 walkers and a superlaser siege cannon.
C-3PO informs the others that BB-8 has done a schematics of the cave and found that there is only one entrance.
Finn encourages the Resistance by reassuring them that allies will come and proposes that they take out the siege cannon.
While Resistance soldiers under General Caluan Ematt man the trenches and laser batteries, Poe, Finn, and Rose lead a charge with 13 old ski speeders to destroy the First Order assault force's massive siege cannon.
Realizing that the Resistance is in the mine, Kylo Ren orders his forces to push them and dispatches TIE fighters.
The speeders try to break off but several are destroyed by TIE fighters, which also strafe the trenches, killing many Resistance soldiers.
Rose is pursued by three TIE fighters but Rey and Chewbacca arrive in the Falcon, shooting them down.
The Falcon also draws the TIE fighters away, shooting down several.
Kylo Ren orders his forces to take that "piece of junk out of the skies."
The Falcon leads the pursuing TIE fighters into a canyon.
The ship's sensor dish and rear cannon are crushed against the rocks, but several TIE fighters also collide with the rocks.
Chewbacca, with a porg watching, fly the Falcon into a canyon that leads to the surface.
Finn and Rose approach the superlaser siege cannon, which begins powering up.
Supreme Leader Ren and General Hux order their walkers to concentrate fire on the speeders, destroying several.
Poe thinks it is a suicide mission and orders Finn to retreat but Finn is determined to take out the cannon.
He accelerates his speeder, ignoring Rose's pleas.
Before Finn can complete his suicide mission, Rose prevents Finn from sacrificing himself to destroy the battering ram cannon, which then blasts a hole in the fortress.
Poe and the surviving Abednedo pilot retreat into the trenches with the surviving soldiers.
Finn climbs out of his wrecked speeder and rescues an injured Rose.
When he asks why she stopped his mission, Rose replies that they survive by "saving what we love."
As the superlaser burns through the gate of the Crait base, Kylo Ren orders his forces to storm the base and show no quarter to the Resistance.
Connix informs D'Acy that the Resistance broadcast has reached multiple points but that they have received no response. Leia laments that the galaxy has lost hope.
However, Luke suddenly arrives to comfort Leia.
After exchanging pleasantries, Luke apologizes and tells Leia that he has come to confront Ren.
Leia thinks her son is gone but Luke reassure her that nobody is gone.
After handing Han's lucky dice to Leia, Luke walks out through the gate to confront Ren and the First Order while C-3PO and the rest of the Resistance look on.
Outside, Luke confronts Ren alone outside the breached door, giving the surviving Resistance fighters time to escape.
Ren orders the First Order walkers to unleash a massive volley of turbolaser fire on Luke's position.
Hux questions the amount of firepower but Luke emerges from the blast crater completely unscathed and mocks the First Order's firepower with a brush of his shoulder.
Ren resolves to confront Skywalker despite Hux's objections, whom he shoves against the hull of the command shuttle's cockpit.
Finn drags a wounded Rose on a makeshift stretcher into the Crait base while Ren lands his shuttle.
Watching the battle, Finn wants to help but Poe realizes that Skywalker is buying them time to escape.
Poe says that they are the "spark of resistance" that will burn the First Order down.
After seeking C-3PO's advice, Poe decides to follow the vulptices, hoping they would lead them to a hole.
Meanwhile, Rey uses the beacon to track down her Resistance comrades' movements.
She manages to track them down by following a group of vulptices.
Finn and the Resistance encounter a pile of rocks which the vulptices are able to slip through but is too small for them.
Outside, Rey discovers the pile of rocks and uses the Force to lift them. As the Resistance fighters stream out, Rey hugs Finn.
Outside, Kylo Ren confronts his uncle personally in a lightsaber duel on the salt plain outside the base, and asks Luke if he has come to forgive him or to save his soul.
Luke replies no as the two draw their blades.
Kylo charges at Luke but his uncle repeatedly evades Ren's attacks.
Luke apologizes to Ren for failing him, but Ren angrily rejects his apology, declaring the Resistance is dead and the war over, and that with Luke's death shall come the ultimate death of the Jedi.
Luke counters by saying that both the Jedi and the Rebellion are born anew in Rey and the Resistance, and invites Ren to strike him down but tells he will always be with him just like Han.
Ren tries, but is surprised to see Luke is still standing.
He pokes his blade through Luke's torso, and to his horror it passes through him as if he were a ghost, revealing that Luke is physically still on Ahch-To and has been stalling for time via a non-corporeal Force projection of himself.
Luke says goodbye to his fallen nephew before his projection fades away, leaving Ren furious.
The effort to create the projection was too much for Luke, and he collapses from exhaustion.
With the last of his strength, he climbs up to the cliff where he trained Rey and stares out towards Ahch-To's binary sunset, similar to the one he saw on Tatooine thirty-four years earlier, before he became a Jedi.
Luke then dies, and his body vanishes as he becomes one with the Force.
On Crait, Leia and Rey sense Luke's death.
The First Order storms the base, but are too late to prevent the remaining Resistance fighters from escaping aboard the Falcon, albeit not before Ren shares another force bond moment with Rey, who eventually shuts him out, much to his dismay.
After leaving Crait, Chewbacca hugs Leia.
Finn opens a drawer on the Falcon to get a blanket for the gravely injured Rose, revealing briefly to the audience that Rey stole all of the books from the original Jedi library and Yoda did not destroy them after all.
After being formally introduced to Poe, Rey laments Luke's death as she looks hopelessly at his broken lightsaber and the group's small numbers.
Leia, however, notes that Luke is now at peace and that the Rebellion has all it needs to rise again.
Later, on Canto Bight, the stable children regale themselves with a story about Luke's adventures.
They are interrupted by Bargwill Tomder who angrily orders the children to get back to work.
Outside, Temiri Blagg, still wearing the Resistance Ring that Rose gave him, summons his broom with the Force and hopefully gazes up to the stars.
The galaxy has heard a mysterious broadcast, a threat of REVENGE in the sinister voice of the late EMPEROR PALPATINE
GENERAL LEIA ORGANA dispatches secret agents to gather intelligence, while REY, the last hope of the Jedi, trains for battle against the diabolical FIRST ORDER.
Meanwhile, Supreme Leader KYLO REN rages in search of the phantom Emperor, determined to destroy any threat to his power....
At last. Snoke trained you well.
One year after the events of The Last Jedi, a broadcast using the voice of the presumed deceased Emperor Palpatine is transmitted across the galaxy, which threatens revenge.
Supreme Leader Kylo Ren leads a vicious assault against Alazmec colonists on a healing Mustafar, seeking a Sith wayfinder owned by Ren's grandfather, the Sith Lord Darth Vader.
Ren wants to use the device as a guide in his hunt for the source of the broadcast, which he perceives as a threat to his power.
The Supreme Leader slaughters many Alazmec cultists alongside his stormtroopers before retrieving the device and slotting it into his TIE whisper, allowing its dark power to lead him through the crimson nebula that surrounds the fabled Sith world of Exegol.
Landing at the base of an enormous citadel, Ren ignites his blade and enters.
He descends down a floating platform into a vast chamber lined with worn statues of Sith legends.
As he descends into its depths, he hears the voice of Palpatine telling him that Snoke trained him well.
Ren responds that he had killed Snoke, but the voice replies that he "made" Snoke.
Lightning dances around the young dark side adept as he listens to the taunting words, spoken in a voice transitioning from that of the Emperor to that of Snoke and, finally, to that of Vader: "I have been every voice... you have ever heard... inside your head."
Ren, unshaken, proceeds further into the citadel, walking for some time among the towering effigies.
His path lit by his blade, the young man eventually wanders into a maze of unfamiliar equipment tended to by robed acolytes.
Tall cylinders filled with a sickly golden liquid hold motionless, incomplete bodies with the mutilated visage of the dead Snoke, confirming the Sith Lord's earlier words.
Among these machines, bound by innumerable tubes and wires to machines of support and sustenance, is the emaciated and decaying figure of Darth Sidious, the true identity of the former Emperor Palpatine himself.
Sidious speaks, explaining to the Supreme Leader that he has died before, and that the dark side is a pathway to many abilities that some consider "unnatural," echoing his words to Ren's grandfather decades earlier from Revenge of the Sith.
Ren raises his blade, but the threat seems to leave Sidious unfazed.
Ren asks the Emperor what he could give him, and the Dark Lord of the Sith replies that he can give him everything: a new Empire.
At the surface of Exegol, the icy ground cracks and yields as innumerable Xyston-class Star Destroyers emerge from the frozen sea into the tempestuous sky.
As the fleet rises, Sidious offers to give Ren command of what he calls the Final Order in return for killing Rey, the last Jedi, and thus ending the Jedi Order and becoming what his grandfather, Vader, could not.
He tells Ren that he will rule all the galaxy as the new Emperor, but he also issues a warning that Rey is not who he thinks she is.
Ren asks the Dark Lord who Rey is as thunder crackles.
Meanwhile, on the Millennium Falcon, ex-stormtrooper Finn and Resistance pilot Poe Dameron engage the Wookiee Chewbacca in an intense game of dejarik.
The Wookiee takes some time considering his next move, and his human opponents jokingly suggest that he may be cheating.
The implication infuriates Chewbacca, forcing Finn and Poe to calm him.
Poe and Finn insist to Chewie that they won't turn off the game, before doing just that as they leave the dejarik table.
Passing Klaud, a Resistance technician, in the corridor, the trio arrive in their seats just as the Falcon exits hyperspace.
The Falcon arrives at the Sinta Glacier Colony in order to meet a Resistance informant, the Ovissian Boolio, who tells them about a mysterious spy in the First Order and gives them a message in the form of a data encoder, ordering them to bring it to Leia.
Finn proceeds to insert the message into R2-D2.
Before more can be said, several squadrons of TIE/sf fighters and TIE whisper fighters enter the system, prepared to take down the Falcon.
As Finn prepares for the action and heads to the gunner cockpit, Boolio tells him to win the war before heading off.
Forced to head into the depths of the colony by a wall of TIE fighters, the Falcon destroys a number of its pursuers before jumping to hyperspace through one of the colony's walls.
The remaining fighters pursue them regardless, and Poe begins lightspeed skipping through a number of systems including the Mirror-Spires of Ivexia and the Megafauna Chasm, whose dangers the First Order pilots are unable to evade.
Poe is able to outmaneuver the enemy, though his reckless trick-flying heavily damages the Falcon
On the jungle world of Ajan Kloss, which serves as the hidden base of the Resistance, Rey meditates solemnly, floating in the air alongside a number of rocks.
She tries to maintain her composure and balance to contact the Jedi that came before her and connecting to the Cosmic energy of the Universe, but ultimately fails and, with a sigh, lowers herself to the ground.
General Leia Organa, who had been watching nearby, comforts the discouraged acolyte, assuring her that nothing is impossible and that she will be able to commune with the Jedi who came before her, as she hopes to.
Reinvigorated, Rey accepts the Skywalker lightsaber and takes off running on another bout with her training course.
She expertly runs and leaps through the obstacles, imbuing her actions with the Force.
She blocks every bolt from her hovering training droid, but pauses and stares as it is revealed that Kylo Ren, to whom she is bound through the Force, is communing with his grandfather's helmet and speaking to her from his chambers far across the galaxy.
A vision, shared with Ren, terrifies the Jedi: the ascension of the Final Order above Exegol; the face of her murdered mentor and Ren's father, Han Solo; the pained words of her master, Luke Skywalker, as she tapped into the dark side; her duel with and alongside Ren against the Elite Praetorian Guards of Snoke; the departure of her parents from Jakku, leaving her behind in the grip of Unkar Plutt.
Distracted by the vision, she ultimately batters the training remote with her staff, but damages BB-8 in the process.
Rescuing the droid from beneath the tree that had collapsed on him, Rey returns to the base and concedes to Leia that she feels tired and unready to wield the saber of her master.
BB-8 excitedly volunteers to take up the mantle, which Rey dismisses. Leia kindly reminds her never to underestimate a droid.
Sometime later, in the midst of Rey's studies of the ancient texts she retrieved from the First Jedi Temple, the Falcon returns.
However, the ship has been damaged during the course of its escape from the First Order.
Rey complains about the damage to the Falcon but Poe counters by pointing out that BB-8 has been battered by the earlier training accident.
While Poe and Rey argue, Finn tries to brief Rey about their mission to meet with the spy.
Despite their differences, Poe tells Rey that she is the "best fighter" in the Resistance and thinks that she should be helping them in the war against the First Order rather than training on Ajan Kloss.
We've decoded the intel from the First Order spy… and it confirms the worst. Somehow, Palpatine returned.
At the Resistance briefing room, Poe confirms the authenticity of the message sent across the galaxy: that Darth Sidious has returned.
Rose Tico is dubious that the Emperor has truly risen again; Beaumont Kin raises the possibility of secrets only the Sith knew, like dark science, and mentioned cloning to explain his return, later remarking that there were always whispers of Sidious' desire to cheat death.
Poe explains that the Sith Lord has been planning his revenge for years and that the Sith Eternal cultists have built a massive fleet known as the Final Order.
In sixteen hours, the Sith fleet will embark from Exegol to attack the free worlds.
C-3PO chimes in, noting that Exegol is not on any star maps, but is described in lore as the hidden world of the Sith.
As the Resistance debates their options, Maz Kanata proposes that they find the Emperor's hidden world as it's the only way to stop him.
Having retrieved a tome, Rey speaks with Leia in private.
She tells Leia that the late Jedi Master Luke had been searching for a wayfinder in order to reach Exegol.
Rey vows to finish her former Master's work.
Believing that it is too dangerous, Leia initially refuses to support the mission.
However, Rey responds that she will go with or without the General's blessing, knowing that her newest mentor would do the same.
Having received Leia's permission, Rey tells Poe, Chewbacca and C-3PO that they need to travel to the Forbidden Desert of Pasaana.
Though Rey plans to go alone, Poe, Chewie, Finn, and C-3PO insist that they will accompany her.
Though initially unwilling to accept the help and claiming she must accomplish the task alone, with a small speech from Finn, Rey accepts their aid.
Finn invites his friend Rose to come along but General Organa has tasked her with studying the specs of old Star Destroyers in order to defeat the Sith Eternal.
Finn promises to return.
Before departing, C-3PO also tells R2-D2 that should he not survive, the astromech droid was the "best friend he ever had." Before leaving, Rey speaks once more with Leia, wishing that she could tell the Princess of Alderaan everything she wanted to.
Reassuring her student once again, Leia simply says: "tell me when you get back" before handing her the Skywalker lightsaber.
Leia tells Rey never to be afraid of who she is.
Rey and her friends then depart Ajan Kloss aboard the Falcon.
A metalsmith, the Symeong Sith alchemist Albrekh, welds Ren's helmet back together as he looks on surrounded by his Knights of Ren.
With his helmet reforged, the Supreme Leader convenes a meeting of the First Order's Supreme Council aboard his Resurgent-class Star Destroyer Steadfast, including General Armitage Hux and Allegiant General Enric Pryde.
As Ren and his Knights stride through the Steadfast's corridors into the conference room, a stormtrooper notes the sudden appearance of the Knights of Ren, and his fellow trooper compares them to "ghouls."
Supreme Leader Ren slams Boolio's bloody, decapitated head on a table and informs the council that they have a spy in their midst, but says that this traitor won't stop the First Order from becoming a true Empire.
Ren then asks if General Hux, his rival in the First Order power structure, is troubled by his appearance.
General Hux dismisses this concern and compliments Ren, while General Bellava Parnadee says that she likes Ren's reassembled helmet.
General Domaric Quinn speaks up, dismissing the Sith loyalists as "a cult, conjurers and soothsayers."
Allegiant General Enric Pryde refutes these concerns, stating that the resources of the First Order will be increased ten thousand fold by the incorporation of the Sith fleet into their own ranks.
With a spiteful glance at a glowering Hux, Pryde remarks that the range and power of the fleet will "correct the error of Starkiller Base."
Unconvinced, Quinn questions the fleet being a gift and what Sidious might demand in return.
In response, Ren brutally chokes the General to death through the Force and lifts his body to the ceiling without even looking at him.
The Supreme Leader then orders his officers to prepare to crush any worlds that defy them and informs them that he and his Knights will be hunting for the scavenger, Rey.
The Aki-Aki Festival of the Ancestors! This celebration occurs only once every forty-two years!
The Falcon exits hyperspace above the desert planet of Pasaana.
They land at Luke's coordinates and arrive at the Aki-Aki Festival of the Ancestors.
As Rey gazes at some Aki Aki youngsters, a child approaches her.
Translated by 3PO, the child says she is named Nambi Ghima and offers a necklace to Rey, who smiles and accepts the kind gesture.
When Ghima inquires as to the Jedi acolyte's family name, she replies that she doesn't have one.
At that moment, Kylo Ren establishes a connection with Rey through their Force-bond.
Speaking to her through this, Ren informs his quarry that Sidious wants her dead.
Rey comments that he is serving another master, but the fallen Jedi dismisses this, stating that he has plans of his own.
Rey points out to Ren that he is haunted by killing his father, and Ren reminds Rey of her feelings of abandonment and loneliness from her parents abandoning her.
After insisting that he will turn her to the dark side, Ren reaches out and grabs her necklace, pulling it through the Force into his own hands.
Rey realizes the First Order will soon be coming and runs off to warn her friends.
Meanwhile, Ren brings the necklace to a First Order officer who recognizes the necklace as originating on Pasaana's Forbidden Valley.
Ren orders Pryde to alert the local troops and to dispatch reinforcements to Pasaana.
As Rey and her friends head back to the Falcon, a stormtrooper finds them but is quickly shot by a mysterious figure.
This masked savior asks Rey and her team to follow him.
Once they enter a transport, he reveals himself to be General Lando Calrissian, the man who destroyed the second Death Star at the Battle of Endor many years prior.
He shows them a hologram of a Sith wayfinder and explains that only two were ever created.
He further reveals that he once accompanied Luke on a mission to track a man named Ochi, whom they believed held information key to locating one of the devices, but when they arrived, they found his ship abandoned.
Lando apparently remained behind on Pasaana.
While declining to join the fight due to his old age, the Rebellion hero offers them directions to Ochi's ship, which remains in the desert where he left it.
Squadrons of TIE/fo fighters and First Order Transporters fly overhead as the crew hurries through the crowds to the fringes of the festival, eventually stealing a pair of skiff speeders.
However, they are quickly spotted by a stormtrooper and pursued by First Order treadspeeders, which are carrying jet troopers.
Poe and Rey split up to lose their pursuers.
Rey is pursued by the jet troopers and two treadspeeders while Poe takes the skiff speeder through a narrow canyon.
However, they are intercepted by a treadspeeder lying in wait.
BB-8 fires a colored smoke canister, blinding the pursuing treadspeeder and causing to crash onto rocks.
Standing her group, Rey fires at the second treadspeeder, causing it to explode.
She thanks BB-8, saying never underestimate a droid.
Meanwhile, Finn manages to tie a rope around the treadspeeder's engine.
Poe then brings their skiff speeder to a halt, causing the pursuing speeder to crash against a rock.
Chewbacca also shoots down a Jet trooper just as Poe's speeder catches up with Rey's speeder.
However, the last remaining jet trooper shoots at their two skiffs, causing them to crash onto the rocks and throwing the Resistance team into the Sinking Fields.
Rey and her comrades manage to shoot the jet trooper, causing the soldier to crash against the rocks.
But then, the Resistance team are sucked by quicksand.
Rey tells everyone to grab hold of something, but it doesn't work.
As Rey and Finn are sucked into the sand, Finn yells "I never told you!..." to Rey before they both sink.
Back at the Resistance base, Major Temmin Wexley informs General Organa that they have received reports of a raid at the Festival of the Ancestors.
Organa says that they cannot afford to fail on this mission.
When Wexley says they have not heard from the Falcon, Tico asks if he has to be pessimistic.
General Organa asks if Wexley can be optimistic, with Wexley saying that he hopes that things turn out to be great.
Meanwhile, Rey and her team fall through the quicksand into a network of underground tunnels.
C-3PO think that they are in the underworld.
Rey and Poe use the Skywalker blade and Poe's diminutive glowrod to guide them through the tunnels.
Rey asks Finn what he meant when he said that he never told her.
Finn says that he will tell her later.
When Poe asks why Finn is keeping secrets, Finn replies that he will tell them when Poe discloses his "shady" things.
Back at the Resistance base, Major Temmin Wexley informs General Organa that they have received reports of a raid at the Festival of the Ancestors.
Organa says that they cannot afford to fail on this mission.
When Wexley says they have not heard from the Falcon, Tico asks if he has to be pessimistic.
General Organa asks if Wexley can be optimistic, with Wexley saying that he hopes that things turn out to be great.
Meanwhile, Rey and her team fall through the quicksand into a network of underground tunnels.
C-3PO think that they are in the underworld.
Rey and Poe use the Skywalker blade and Poe's diminutive glowrod to guide them through the tunnels.
Rey asks Finn what he meant when he said that he never told her.
Finn says that he will tell her later.
When Poe asks why Finn is keeping secrets, Finn replies that he will tell them when Poe discloses his "shady" things.
C-3PO leads them to a speeder and discovers a hex charm, a common emblem of the Sith loyalists.
Rey and Poe work out that Ochi was heading back to his ship when he got trapped inside the tunnels.
Alongside his bones is a dagger that Rey senses has a dark past, while 3PO recognizes that it is inscribed with the ancient language of the Sith and is unable to translate due to restrictions on his programming dating back to the Galactic Senate of the Old Republic.
Dameron complains to the droid that this is 'the one time we need you to talk, and you can't.'
While looking for a way out, the team is cornered by an aggressive serpentine vexis.
They prepare to fight the beast but Rey notices that the serpent is injured.
Using Force healing, Rey manages to heal the creature, which then slithered away, revealing a opening to the surface.
At the same time, it is revealed that the Knights of Ren have arrived on Pasaana, and are hunting them.
The team hurries to Ochi's ship.
C-3PO thinks they should go back to the Falcon but Poe warns that the First Order will be waiting for them there.
While climbing the rock where Ochi's ship rests, Rey senses that Kylo Ren has arrived through the Force, but sends her friends ahead to the ship before running back into the desert to confront her nemesis.
Poe and Finn begin to start up Ochi's ship, and opening the blinders to check on Rey.
Seeing Rey running down the hill, Finn sends Chewbacca after her.
However, a Knight of Ren is watching the Wookiee from behind.
As Rey waits in the desert, Ren's TIE whisper roars through the desert only meters above the sand.
While Poe is waiting for Rey, Finn runs out of the ship only to find that the Knights of Ren and stormtroopers had captured Chewbacca and Ochi's dagger while the Wookiee was searching for Rey.
Finn watches as Chewbacca is led aboard an Atmospheric Assault Lander.
As Ren approaches Rey in his new TIE whisper, Rey runs into a leap.
As the ship flies beneath her, she severs a wing with her lightsaber and sends the ship into a tailspin. It crashes in a fireball some distance away.
Finn informs Rey of Chewbacca's capture and Rey uses the Force to try and pull down the troop transport that she believes is carrying the Wookiee.
Poe and C-3PO also watch from the distance.
Kylo Ren, having emerged from the wreckage of his ship, advances across the desert and engages in a duel of the Force with Rey, each of them pulling the First Order transport to their side.
In this struggle, Rey accidentally releases a burst of Force lightning, destroying the vessel and seemingly killing Chewbacca.
Ren allows the Jedi and her allies to escape in Ochi's vessel, as his own troops have captured the Falcon.
As the Jedi hunter's ship hurries away from Pasaana, Rey mourns that she has apparently killed Chewbacca.
Finn attempts to reassure her that it is not her fault, stating that he knows the good person he believes her to be.
Rey dismisses his words, telling him that she experienced a vision of herself and Ren on the Throne of the Sith while touching the dagger.
Meanwhile, the captured Millennium Falcon is escorted by First Order TIEs aboard the Steadfast.
General Hux informs Allegiant General Pryde that they captured the scavenger's ship but that Rey got away.
Hux attempts to pin the blame for the loss of shuttle on the Knights of Ren.
Pryde is not interested until Hux informs him that a second shuttle brought back a valuable prisoner.
As a manacled Chewbacca is led aboard the bridge of the Steadfast, Hux tells Pryde that the "beast" used to fly with Han Solo.
Pryde orders that Chewbacca be brought to Interrogation Six.
Back aboard Ochi's ship, Poe tells Finn and Rey they have eight hours left and asks what they should do.
Finn proposes going back to base but Poe doesn't want to give up.
Finn counters that Chewbacca was carrying the dagger and that without it, they have no way to reach Exegol.
However, C-3PO reveals that he has retained the inscription in his memory banks.
Due to his programming, it cannot be retrieved without a complete redacted memory bypass, effectively a memory wipe.
Despite the risk to C-3PO, a desperate Poe and Finn decide to perform the memory wipe since the galaxy is at stake.
Poe decides to seek out a black market droidsmith on the planet Kijimi, a place where he doesn't have fond memories.
Despite the risks, Poe, Finn, Rey, and C-3PO resolve to do it in memory of Chewbacca.
During the trip, BB-8 finds and reactivates the droid D-O on Ochi's ship, who requests a battery charge and befriends Rey.
Rey takes pity on D-O, who had been treated badly by his previous master and tells the droid that he is safe with them.
The heroes of the Resistance make their way to the snow-dusted planet of Kijimi to execute their plan to discover what secrets the Dagger held.
After landing in Kijimi City, the Resistance team avoids a stormtrooper patrol, who are searching and rounding up local civilians.
Shortly later, Poe and his friends are cornered by Zorii Bliss and her crew.
She reveals that Poe has a colorful past, once worked as a spice runner and that he still owes her money.
Zorii tries to collect a bounty on Rey, leading to a skirmish between the two sides.
Rey gains the upper hand over Zorri with her lightsaber and Zorii agrees to help them.
The group narrowly avoid a First Order patrol but the Knights of Ren have already tracked them there.
Zorii Bliss brings them through a back alley into Babu Frik's workshop in the Thieves' Quarter.
As he is wired up to the computer, C-3PO grumbles that he does not have the faintest idea as to why he agreed to this operation and thinks he must be malfunctioning.
Rey asks if Babu Frik can help them.
Zorii interprets for Babu, who explains that he has found Sith words in C-3PO's forbidden memory.
Poe asks if Babu can make C-3PO translate the Sith inscriptions.
Frik tells everyone that he can unlock the message to be read, but in doing so C-3PO's memory will be wiped.
Still reeling from the loss of Chewbacca, the heroes argue about finding another way to get the job done, but in an act of self-sacrifice C-3PO voluntarily consent to the modifications, knowing that he will be lost in the act.
While Poe and Zorii leave to keep a watch for First Order patrols, Frik begins performing the hack on C-3PO.
Meanwhile, Allegiant General Pryde informs Kylo Ren that the Knights of Ren have tracked the "scavenger," which Admiral Frantis Griss identifies as a settlement called Kijimi.
General Hux proposes destroying the city but Ren raises his finger menacingly, cutting him off.
Outside the bar, Zorii and Poe reminisce about old times.
Zorii tells Poe that she had saved up enough money to procure a First Order Captain's Medallion, which she intends to use to travel offworld to the Colonies, leaving her spice running days behind.
Poe also tells Zorii that the Resistance sent out a distress call during the Battle of Crait but that nobody came, which he blames on fear and people giving up.
Zorii disagrees and says that the First Order wins by making people think they are alone.
She reminds Poe that there is more of them.
Meanwhile, Rey socializes with D-O, who takes a liking to Rey and her friends.
Rey confides in Finn that she sensed that her parents were on Ochi's ship through the Force.
Shortly later, Poe and Zorii return with news that the Steadfast is approaching Kijimi.
Babu completes the hack, allowing 3PO to read the message inscribed on the dagger.
The translated text points them to the location of Emperor's wayfinder, which is located on the Death Star ruins on a moon of Endor.
Having served his purpose, 3PO's memory wipe begins, and he shuts down.
Once the memory wipe is complete, 3PO reboots with a completely empty memory.
As the Steadfast arrives above Kijimi City, Rey senses that Chewie is alive.
Before leaving, Zorii gives Poe a First Order Captain's Medallion as a gesture of goodwill to help him and his Resistance team get through the First Order blockade.
Poe tries to convince Zorii to leave, but she turns down his offer.
As the heroes escape on Ochi's ship, the group makes the decision to use the passage device to board the Steadfast and recapture the Falcon and save Chewie.
The device works and their ship lands in the Star Destroyer without question.
After landing, Rey, Finn and Poe shoot the stormtrooper sentries and head to Chewie's cell.
While navigating through the Star Destroyer's corridors, Rey uses a mind trick to confuse the stormtroopers, enabling them to find Chewie.
Heading into Chewbacca's detention block, they shoot the cameras.
Sensing that Ochi's dagger is on the ship, Rey splits off from the group to retrieve the relic.
On Kijimi, Kylo Ren oversees a manhunt but senses that Rey is close.
Meanwhile, Poe and Finn find Chewie and free him from his cell.
Elsewhere, Allegiant General Pryde discovers Ochi's ship in the hangar and realizes that there are intruders aboard the Steadfast.
Finn, Poe, and Chewbacca exchange fire with stormtroopers while fleeing through the Star Destroyer's corridors.
Poe is shot and the group are surrounded by stormtrooper reinforcements, who take them captive.
Meanwhile, Ochi's dagger leads Rey to Kylo's living quarters where she discovers Darth Vader's charred helmet.
Rey finds and grabs Ochi's blade, which carries a vision of her parents, when she breaks free of the vision a bond with Kylo begins.
Ren tells Rey that he knows the rest of the story about her origins but Rey claims that he is lying.
Ren replies that he never lied to her and that her parents were "no ones" because they chose to be to keep her safe.
Resisting his mental probe, Rey crosses blades with Kylo Ren, and a lightsaber duel breaks out between the two of them across two different locations, Kylo on the surface of Kijimi and Rey aboard the Steadfast.
Rey discovers that her parents left her on Jakku to protect her.
Meanwhile, Allegiant General Pryde orders the stormtroopers to kill Poe, Finn, and Chewbacca.
While parrying in Ren's quarters, Ren tells Rey that Sidious had sent Ochi to find and recover Rey.
When her parents got in the way and refused to tell Ochi where she was, the Dark Lord gave the order to kill them.
As the lightsaber duel continues, Ren discovers that Rey is aboard his flagship after she shatters a stand containing Darth Vader's helmet.
Ren tells Rey that she knows why the Emperor always wanted her dead.
Before the stormtroopers can execute Finn, Poe, and Chewie, General Hux arrives and volunteers to terminate the prisoners himself.
Believing that this is the end, Finn attempts to tell Poe the secret he was going to tell Rey.
However, Hux guns down the firing squad and tells a surprised Poe and Finn that he was the spy within the First Order that Finn and Poe had received information from.
Meanwhile, in the hangar, a mind-wiped C-3PO haggles with the stormtroopers.
However, Rey arrives and guns down stormtroopers with Chewie's bowcaster.
Before they can find the others, Kylo Ren returns in his shuttle.
Rey sends C-3PO, D-O and BB-8 to find Poe, Finn, and Chewbacca.
However, Hux leads the Resistance team to the hangar and convinces Finn to shoot him in the arm.
When Finn asks Hux about his motives, he tells them that he wasn't doing it to help the Resistance, but rather because he didn't want Kylo Ren to win.
As stormtroopers converge in the hangar, Kylo Ren arrives and faces off Rey.
When Rey asks why the Emperor would want to kill a child, Ren reveals that she is Sidious' granddaughter; her father was the son of the Emperor.
Since Ren's mother Leia is the daughter of Darth Vader, he also reveals that they are a dyad in the Force, two that are one in the Force.
Rey walks to the edge of the hangar as Kylo extends an offer for Rey to join him in killing the Sith Lord and taking his throne.
However, Rey turns down his offer again as the Falcon arrives and uses its thrusters to throw back the stormtroopers.
Finn helps Rey up the gangplank.
After they leave, Hux claims that it was a coordinated incursion and that the Resistance team overpowered the guards and forced him to take them to his ship.
However, Pryde is not fooled and executes Hux for treason against the First Order.
Pryde then orders a First Order officer to inform the Supreme Leader that they have found their spy.
While the Falcon is traveling through hyperspace, Poe tells Chewbacca and C-3PO that he doesn't know why the First Order is not following them and that he doesn't trust them.
Chewbacca reveals that the Falcon's landing gear is busted.
While making repairs to the Falcon, Rey tells Finn that all that matters is finding the wayfinder and Exegol.
Finn reassures her that is what they are doing.
Rey vows to destroy Darth Sidious for killing her father and mother.
Finn tells Rey that this doesn't sound like her but Rey responds that nobody knows her.
Meanwhile, the Sith Lord learns from Ren that the Jedi apprentice still lives.
Questioning Ren's loyalty, he warns the Supreme Leader not to make him turn his fleet against him.
Ren replies that he knows where Rey is going and vows that she will never be a Jedi.
Sidious demands Ren to kill Rey.
Using the information learned from C-3PO's translation of the dagger's writing, the Resistance team takes the Millennium Falcon to the ocean moon of Kef Bir in the Endor system.
As the Falcon descends into Kef Bir, they are detected by a woman named Jannah, who is riding an Orbak.
Due to its damaged struts, the Falcon has a hard landing, carving up soil.
Rey, Finn, Poe, C-3PO, Chewbacca, BB-8, and D-O approach a cliff overlooking the sea, where the wreckage of the second Death Star lies in the distance.
While Poe and Finn think that it will be difficult to find the wayfinder in the Death Star ruins, Rey uses the dagger to locate the wayfinder by aligning a plate hidden in the hilt with a specific part of the Death Star's wreckage, and discovering the two shapes match perfectly.
The Resistance team is soon joined by a group of humans riding orbak led by Jannah, who asks if they are from the Resistance.
When Poe confirms they are from the Resistance, she tells them that they picked up a transmission from Babu Frik telling that Rey and her team were the last hope.
Jannah offers to take them to the location of the wayfinder the next day.
Since they cannot wait till tomorrow, Poe convinces Jannah and her followers to help them repair the Falcon.
While the droids mingle with the orbaks, Poe and the others repair the Falcon with the help of Jannah.
Finn chats with Jannah, who reveals that she was once a stormtrooper known as TZ-1719 and that her whole tribe were former troopers.
Finn is glad to learn that he is not the only deserter from the First Order.
Jannah likened it to an instinct while Finn says that Force brought him and his friends here.
He admits that he was skeptical but has now embraced the Force.
BB-8 soon tells the group that he has not seen Rey.
Returning to the cliff, Poe and the others discover that Rey had commandeered a skimmer and taken it to the Death Star ruins with the intention of retrieving the wayfinder.
Rey takes the skimmer through the choppy seas.
Poe and Finn argue about going after Rey.
Poe wants to fix the ship first but Finn insists on going after their friend.
Finn tells Poe that he and Leia know what Rey is fighting against. Finn and Jannah prepare to leave on a second skimmer to find Rey.
Meanwhile, Rey climbs through the wreckage of the second Death Star to reach the Emperor's Throne Room.
Inside the throne room, Rey senses a dark presence calling her into an adjacent chamber where she finds the second wayfinder.
Upon contacting the wayfinder, she is confronted by a Force vision of herself as a Sith, resulting in a brief duel.
The Sith vision abruptly growls and bares fangs at her, causing her to stumble outside the chamber and drop the wayfinder on the floor.
Immediately after, Rey is confronted by Kylo Ren, who had tracked the Resistance team to Kef Bir.
After retrieving the wayfinder, Ren urges Rey to embrace the dark side.
Rey demands that he return the wayfinder but Kylo Ren counters that the only way that she is going to Exegol is with him before destroying the relic.
Furious, Rey attacks Kylo Ren with the Skywalker lightsaber.
He dodges her blade before igniting his own crossblade lightsaber and leads Rey down a chute.
Back at the Resistance base on Ajan Kloss, Leia senses her son's confrontation with Rey and walks out of the command center, aided by Lieutenant Kaydel Connix.
Maz Kanata tells R2-D2 that Leia knows what must be done, adding that it will take all her strength to reach her son.
Meanwhile, on Kef Bir, Rey and Kylo Ren continue their duel on the watery Death Star ruins as the waves crash around them.
Finn and Jannah, who have arrived, witness the lightsaber duel.
Finn calls out to Rey, but she uses the Force to hurl him aside, unwilling to see him get hurt.
Rey uses the Force to jump to another floating wreck. Finn tries to follow but is stopped by Jannah.
After exchanging blades, Kylo Ren manages to maneuver Rey towards a laser cannon.
He uses the Force to block her moves and gains the upper hand.
However, a dying Leia calls to Kylo through the Force by his birth name, Ben, momentarily distracting him long enough for Rey to grab his crossblade lightsaber and stab him through his torso.
At the same time, Leia breathes her last with R2-D2 mourning over his fallen master.
Sensing Leia's death, Rey regrets her actions and uses the Force to heal Ren's wound, making it whole again.
Rey then confesses to him that she wanted to join him and take his hand as Ben Solo.
Rey then flies away on Ren's TIE whisper, still shaken about her own actions and by her Sith lineage.
While Finn and Jannah watch in shock, several Resistance members including Maz Kanata, R2-D2, Kaydel Connix, Beaumont Kin, and Temmin Wexley gather to pay respects to their fallen leader.
Poe and his team return to Ajan Kloss only to learn from Commander Larma D'Acy that Leia has died.
Chewbacca cries for his fallen friend.
Back on Kef Bir, Ren converses with a memory of his late father Han Solo, who tells him that Kylo Ren is dead, though his son - Ben Solo - is alive.
Ren says that Solo is a memory, but Solo says that he is his memory.
Solo urges Ren to return even though his mother is gone, stating that what she stood and fought for is not gone.
Addressing his son as Ben, Solo touches his cheeks and reassures him that he has the strength to do what he needs to do.
Reconciling with his deceased father, Kylo Ren tosses his lightsaber far off into the water near the wreckage of the Death Star, reclaiming his identity as Ben Solo and rejecting the dark side.
Aboard the Steadfast, Darth Sidious communes with Allegiant General Pryde via hologram.
Sidious is displeased that the late Princess of Alderaan has disrupted his plan but thinks that her "foolish act" was in vain.
He orders Pryde to come to him on Exegol.
In light of Kylo Ren's failure to kill Rey, Pryde, a loyal Imperial who had served the Emperor during the time of the "old wars," pledges himself to the Sith Lord once again.
Sidious then orders Pryde to send a ship to a world that is familiar to Rey and her friends and let it burn, saying the Final Order begins and that Rey will come to Exegol and the Resistance will follow.
Acting under Sidious' orders, Pryde sends a Sith Star Destroyer, the Derriphan, from the Sith fleet to destroy Kijimi with its axial superlaser.
Back at the Resistance base, Poe, D'Acy, and Beaumont receive news of the destruction of Kijimi and realize that Sidious has a fleet of planet-destroying warships with Poe stating that this is how he'll finish the war between the Sith and the Jedi and the Rebellion.
Rose intercepts a transmission on every frequency from Sidious stating that "the Resistance is dead and that the Sith flame will burn."
Sidious demands that all worlds surrender or die as the Final Order begins. Rose informs Poe that Leia made him acting General and asks what they should do.
In private, Poe pays his respects to the late General Organa and confides that he is not ready.
He is soon joined by Calrissian who confides that neither were he, Luke, Han or Leia during the days of the Rebellion and says who is ever ready.
When Poe asks Lando how he defeated an Empire with almost nothing, Lando replies that they had each other.
D-O tells Finn that he misses Rey.
Later, Poe appoints Finn as his second-in-command.
Finn tells Poe that D-O can help them plan the Battle of Exegol and explains that D-O's former master Ochi had intended to bring Rey to Sidious on Exegol.
Meanwhile, on Ahch-To, Rey burns Kylo Ren's TIE whisper, intending to exile herself to the oceanic world.
As she prepares to throw Luke's lightsaber into the burning wreckage of Kylo's TIE whisper, Luke's Force spirit appears and tells Rey that a Jedi's weapon deserves more respect.
Rey tells Luke that she was haunted by the dark vision and that she plans to exile herself to prevent that from happening.
Luke tells Rey that he was wrong as it was fear that kept him here.
When Luke asks Rey about what she is most afraid of, Rey confides that she is afraid of herself.
Skywalker comforts Rey by telling her that he and his sister Leia knew she was a Palpatine but still trained her because they saw her spirit and heart.
Luke tells her that somethings are stronger than blood and confronting fear is the destiny of the Jedi and encourages Rey to face Sidious because if she doesn't it will mean the end of the Jedi and the war will be lost for the Resistance.
He also gifts Rey Leia's lightsaber, explaining that she would want her to have it and during the last night of Leia's Jedi training, she had sensed the death of her son.
Leia had surrendered her saber to her so that it would be picked up by someone who would finish her journey.
Luke tells Rey that a thousand generations now live in her and tells her to take both blades to Exegol.
Rey is still dismayed, as Kylo destroyed the wayfinder on Kef Bir.
Luke says that Rey has everything she needs.
Then, Rey remembers that two Sith wayfinders were made, and salvages Vader's wayfinder from the burning TIE whisper.
Luke then uses the Force to levitate his old T-65B X-wing, Red Five, from the depths of the sea.
Back on Ajan Kloss, a memory–wiped C-3PO interacts with R2-D2, whom he does not remember.
R2-D2 restores C-3PO's memories, and he recalls that he is going to embark on his first mission with Rey.
R2-D2 reminds him that the mission has already occurred.
R2-D2 then picks up a signal.
Meanwhile, Finn, Poe and Rose plug D-O into a navigation computer in order to access the information about Exegol to plan their air strike against the Sith fleet.
They find that the planet is surrounded by various obstacles including magnetic crossfields, gravity wells, and solar winds.
Poe wonders how the Final Order fleet can launch.
C-3PO then informs them that they are receiving a transmission from Red Five, which is transmitting the coordinates to Exegol.
Guided by Vader's wayfinder, Rey flies Red Five through the obstacles around Exegol.
Finn and Poe realize that Rey is showing them the way to Exegol. Beaumont tells Chewbacca that they need him.
Poe briefs the Resistance pilots about their planned air strike on Exegol, telling them that they need to take out the navigation tower that the Sith Eternal is using to guide the Sith fleet.
Finn and Poe propose taking out the tower in a joint air and ground assault.
Their plan is to attack the scattered Sith fleet. Lando supports their plans.
When Beaumont proposes the "Holdo maneuver," Finn disagrees since that move is one in a million and says that fighters and freighters can take out their cannons if there are enough of them.
Nien Nunb and Kaydel point out that the Resistance fleet is outnumbered but Finn says that Lando and Chewbacca will go to the Core Systems and rally support for the Resistance.
Poe tells the Resistance fighters not to fall into the trap of thinking they are alone and that good people will fight if they lead them.
As Poe speaks, the Resistance pilots climb into their starfighters and starships including the CR90 corvette Tantive IV.
Finn ends the speech by saying that they are now taking the war back to the First Order.
As Rey approaches Exegol, a Sith Eternal officer alerts her superiors while Allegiant General Pryde orders the Sith fleet to rise to deployment altitude.
Rey lands Red Five on the dark surface of Exegol and walks into the Sith Citadel.
Rey walks past several statues and machines into a tunnel.
Meanwhile, Poe and Finn lead the Resistance fleet through the cloud of red gas and debris and exit hyperspace above Exegol.
Alerted to the arrival of the Resistance, Allegiant General Pryde orders the Sith fleet to use ion cannons.
The Sith Star Destroyers blast the Resistance fleet with ion cannons.
Poe leads the Exegol landing team towards the navigation tower on Exegol's surface.
The Sith fleet deploys swarms of Sith TIE fighters.
Realizing the Resistance's plan to attack the navigation tower, Pryde orders a First Order officer to switch the navigation source to the Steadfast, saying that they will guide the Sith fleet out themselves.
The navigation tower is deactivated, forcing Finn to call off the ground invasion.
Through the Force, Finn senses that the navigation signal is coming from the Steadfast.
When Jannah asks how he knows, he replies that he feels it.
Finn convinces a female starfighter commander to give the Resistance troop carrier covering fire while they attack the command ship.
Finn and Jannah lead the landing party, who are riding obraks, in the assault against the Steadfast's navigation tower, facing opposition from crimson Sith troopers and Sith Jetpack Troopers.
She will take her revenge, and with a stroke of her saber, the Sith will be reborn! The Jedi are dead!
Meanwhile, Rey enters a massive auditorium where she discovers the empty throne of the Sith and a large crowd of Sith loyalists.
Rey is soon joined by the Dark Lord, who is supported by an Ommin harness.
Darth Sidious tells Rey that he has been waiting for the return of his grandchild.
The Sith Lord claims that he never wanted her dead and that he only wanted her to assume the Sith throne, stating that it is her birthright.
Rey says that she has come to end the Sith as a Jedi.
Sidious tries to goad Rey into killing him, telling her that by doing so all of the spirits of the Sith will flow into her, and they will become one.
Above Exegol, the Sith Star Destroyers fire up their engines.
Poe asks Finn about the landing team's progress.
Finn tells them that the hatches are sealed and that they are facing opposition.
While BB-8 opens a manhole, Finn and Jannah provide covering fire, with Jannah using a crossbow to shoot down a Sith jet trooper.
Jannah throws explosives inside the manhole, causing an explosion that takes out the navigation signal temporarily.
In response, Allegiant General Pryde orders his subordinates, including Admiral Griss, to reset the navigation signal.
As the Resistance strike team prepares to leave, Finn tells Jannah that he needs to stay behind to stop them from resetting the signal.
Jannah insists that she stay with Finn.
Meanwhile, Poe admits to R2-D2 that he doesn't know when Lando and reinforcements are coming.
When Colonel Aftab Ackbar asks what they should do, Poe orders the starfighter pilots to hit the Sith Star Destroyers until reinforcements arrive.
Back in the Sith Citadel, Sidious calls on Rey to give into her hatred and kill him, though Rey refuses to show her hatred for the Sith Lord.
When Sidious calls her parents weak, Rey counters that they were strong and saved her from him.
Sidious recalls that her master Luke had his father to help him while the only family that Rey has is him.
Just then, the roof of the Sith Citadel opens, showing the battle above.
Sidious claims that Rey can save her friends by killing him and assuming the throne.
He invites her to become Empress of the new Sith Empire and command the Sith fleet.
As he speaks, the Sith Eternal forces inflict causalities on the Resistance starfighters and landing team.
Meanwhile, Ben Solo lands on Exegol in an old TIE scout and runs to the Sith Citadel.
As the Dark Lord tempts Rey, Ben forces his way into the depths of the Sith Citadel, taking down several Sovereign Protectors.
Back on the Steadfast, Finn convinces Rose to go while he and Jannah prepare to take the command bridge down.
At the Sith Citadel, Sidious calls on Rey to embrace the dark side and pledge herself as a Sith while his disciples chant in unison.
Ben soon runs into the Knights of Ren and fights them, but he is quickly overwhelmed.
As Rey draws Luke's lightsaber, Sidious implores her to strike him down, ending the Jedi and rebirthing the Sith.
However, Rey rejects the Sith Lord's demand and, sensing him through their dyad, transfers the lightsaber to Ben, who uses it to fight the Knights of Ren.
At the throne room, Rey draws Leia's lightsaber and fights the Sovereign Protectors while Sidious retreats in the Ommin harness.
Ben hurls the last Sovereign Protector aside with the Force.
Together, he and Rey face the Emperor, who taunts them that they will die together for daring to stand against him.
Sidious uses the Force to throw Rey and Ben to their knees, inadvertently drawing part of their life essences.
Realizing that the two are a dyad in the Force, the Sith Lord decides to rejuvenate himself by draining their life essences and become the one true Emperor.
Rey and Ben are weakened by the exertion and collapse on the floor.
Meanwhile, the Resistance suffers heavy losses, including Wexley, whose X-wing crashes into a Sith Star Destroyer much to the dismay of Poe.
As Poe hears the distress of his comrades on the comlink, he apologizes that he thought that they had a chance, but there is just too many of them.
Just then, Poe hears Lando's voice on the comlink, reassuring him that "there are more of them."
Shortly later, Lando and Chewbacca arrive in the Millennium Falcon, accompanied by a massive Citizens' Fleet, including Rebellion hero Commander Wedge Antilles, who compliments Lando's flying as he guns on the Falcon.
The reinforcements reinvigorate the Resistance forces.
Poe orders the combined forces to take out the Sith Star Destroyers' world-destroying superlaser cannons as it will save the galaxy.
As several Sith Star Destroyers go up in flames, Pryde asks where they got these fighter craft since they have no navy.
Admiral Griss replies that the armada is not a navy, but are just people.
Poe is also relieved that his former associate Zorii Bliss has come to their aid.
Back at the Sith Citadel, the rejuvenated Emperor reveals himself to his Sith followers, who chant in unison.
Ben rises to his feet but the Dark Lord levitates him in mid-air.
Sidious tells Ben that he will be the last Skywalker and uses the Force to throw him into a nearby chasm, seemingly killing him.
Determined to let nothing stop the return of the Sith, Sidious unleashes Force lightning on the Resistance fleet and allied armada, destroying several ships, including the Tantive IV, and killing Resistance members like Lieutenant Commander Nunb.
As Rey lies on the ground, she repeatedly says "be with me", continuing contacting the Jedi spirit and connecting to the pure cosmic energy of the entire universe.
She then hears the voice of Luke and his father's Master Obi-Wan Kenobi telling her that these are her final steps and telling her to rise and take them.
This is followed by the voices of Luke's father Anakin Skywalker, Anakin's former apprentice Ahsoka Tano, and Knight Kanan Jarrus calling out her name.
Anakin urges Rey to bring back the balance to the Force as he did.
The voice of Master Luminara Unduli calls on Rey to find the light.
The voices of Master Yoda reassure Rey that she has never been alone.
The voice of Master Qui-Gon Jinn tells Rey that every Jedi who has ever lived lives in her.
Anakin then reminds Rey that the Force surrounds her while Master Aayla Secura tells Rey to let the Force guide her as Ahsoka's voice finishes the statement.
Master Mace Windu tells her to feel the Force while Anakin tells her to let it lift her.
The voice of Master Adi Gallia encourage Rey to rise while Qui-Gon tells her that they stand behind her.
Obi-Wan calls out to Rey while Yoda urges Rey to rise.
The voice of Kanan tells Rey that in the heart of a Jedi lies their strength.
Obi-Wan then joins the other Jedi in urging Rey to rise, lending their strength to the weakened woman.
As she rises to her feet, Luke tells her that the Force will be with her always.
Drawing Leia's lightsaber, Rey confronts Sidious, who halts his attack on the fleet.
Believing that he is at the cusp of victory, the Sith Lord taunts Rey that her death will be the final word in the story of Rebellion.
Sidious angrily attempts to kill Rey with Force lightning, but she deflects it back with Leia's lightsaber.
Free of the Force lightning attack, Poe urges the allied fleet to make a final offensive against the Sith Star Destroyers, which have ascended into Exegol's upper atmosphere.
Continuing the Force lightning attack on Rey, the Sith Lord angrily taunts her that she is nothing more than a scavenger girl and no match for the power in him.
Darth Sidious boasts that he is all the Sith, but Rey retorts that she is all the Jedi.
Using the Force to retrieve Luke's lightsaber, she crosses blades and uses them to push back the Dark Lord's Force lightning attack.
The Emperor is disintegrated by his own Force lightning, which triggers a massive wave of energy that destroys the throne of the Sith and the auditorium, crushing and killing all of his followers.
Meanwhile, on the Steadfast, Jannah connects the cables on a hijacked laser cannon, which opens fire on the bridge of the command ship.
On the Resurgent Star Destroyer, Allegiant General Pryde watches in horror as the Resistance destroys the Sith fleet.
Moments later he is killed when the bridge explodes.
An Abednedo pilot named C'ai Threnalli tells Poe that the Steadfast has been destroyed.
The Resistance and allied armada take out the remaining Sith forces.
Meanwhile, Finn and Jannah cling on to dear life as the stricken Steadfast descends into the atmosphere.
Poe wants to rescue Finn and Jannah but Lando and Chewbacca use the Falcon to rescue the two Resistance fighters, who jump to safety before the Steadfast crashes onto the surface and disintegrates.
Back at the Sith Citadel, an exhausted Rey dies as a result of the duel with the Sith Lord.
Her death is sensed through the Force by Finn.
Shortly later, a hand appears at the edge of the chasm and an injured Ben pulls himself up, falling to his knees beside Rey and pulling her dead body into his lap.
He embraces Rey's body.
Pulling away, Ben puts his hand on her stomach and uses the Force to resurrect her.
Rey awakens, smiling at Ben and touching his cheek gently.
The two embrace before Rey kisses him.
After they kiss, Ben smiles at her as he closes his eyes.
Moments later, he falls backward and vanishes, having given his remaining life essence to Rey.
His body fades away at the same moment that Leia's body becomes one with the Force.
Maz Kanata also senses Ben's death from afar.
As the wrecked Sith fleet crashes on the surface of Exegol, Finn and Poe spot Red Five.
Finn tells Poe that people are rising up against the First Order all over the galaxy and the two say they did it.
On Bespin, a damaged Resurgent Star Destroyer descends into the atmosphere below Cloud City.
On Endor, the Ewok war hero Wicket W. Warrick and his son, Pommet, watch as another First Order Star Destroyer is destroyed by a heavy freighter via the "Holdo manuever" in the skies above the moon.
On Jakku, a stricken Resurgent Star Destroyer crashes, joining a wrecked Imperial Star Destroyer from the Battle of Jakku.
The Resistance and the galaxy at large celebrate their victory against Sidious and the Sith Eternal.
On Ajan Kloss, the victorious pilots and Resistance fighters embrace each other.
Finn watches as Rose hugs Chewbacca. Maz Kanata bestows Chewbacca with a Medal of Bravery, which Han and Luke were awarded following the Battle of Yavin.
Poe and Zorii exchange a look and it seems like Poe is trying to ask Zorii if she would like to celebrate with him privately, to which she shakes her head.
Poe then hugs Finn. Shortly later, Rey returns aboard Red Five.
Jannah asks Lando where he is from and he tells her that he is from the Gold system.
Lando in turn asks Jannah where she is from, and she tells him that she doesn't know, and Lando responds by saying 'well, let's find out.'
Rey sees Finn and Poe, and the three of them embrace.
On Tatooine, Rey flies the Millennium Falcon past a Jawa sandcrawler.
Together with BB-8, Rey visits the abandoned Lars homestead, where she buries Luke and Leia's lightsabers in the sand, having now built her own— a new black-handled lightsaber with a yellow blade.
A local asks her name and, seeing ghosts of Luke and Leia look on, Rey gives her name as "Rey Skywalker."
Rey and BB-8 then watch the twin suns of Tatooine rise.
The digital release edits the list and instead places Triton, Abtin, and Elrood behind the new Stormwall border.
Ronin: A Visions Novel is the unabridged audio version of the non-canon novel of the same name.
A mysterious former Sith wanders the galaxy.
The Jedi are the most loyal servants of the Empire.
Two decades ago, Jedi clans clashed in service to feuding lords.
Sickened by this endless cycle, a sect of Jedi rebelled, seeking to control their own destiny and claim power in service of no master.
They called themselves Sith.
The Sith rebellion failed, succumbing to infighting and betrayal, and the once rival lords unified to create an Empire… but even an Empire at peace is not free from violence.
Far on the edge of the Outer Rim, one former Sith wanders, accompanied only by a faithful droid and the ghost of a less civilized age.
He carries a lightsaber, but claims lineage to no Jedi clan, and pledges allegiance to no lord.
As the galaxy's perpetual cycle of violence continues to interrupt his self-imposed exile, and he is forced to duel an enigmatic bandit claiming the title of Sith, it becomes clear that no amount of wandering will ever let him outpace the specters of his former life.
Written by one of the original High Republic story architects.
As several crises all hurtle toward their thrilling and shocking conclusions, fan-favorite Jedi Knights and Padawans must band together to save the galaxy from the Nihil, the Nameless, and perhaps worst of all, a mysterious blight that turns everything in its path to dust and is seemingly impossible to stop.
Vernestra Rwoh must rediscover her place within the Jedi Order.
Jedi Master Vernestra Rwoh has spent years exploring the Outer Rim as a Wayseeker, answering to no authority but the Force itself.
When the Jedi Council orders her to return to Coruscant, Vernestra ignores the summons, feeling that her priority is the beings she’s already serving.
So the Council dispatches Jedi Knight Indara to track down Vernestra to deliver the urgent message that a Republic senator has formally requested Jedi assistance, asking for Vernestra’s aid by name.
Intrigued, Vernestra quickly finds herself pulled back into Coruscant’s complicated world of Republic politics and underworld crime.
The two could not be more different: Vernestra, a Jedi Master who has known conflict and loss during her decades in the Order, and Indara, a young Knight just coming into her own as a Jedi in a galaxy at peace.
Trust is slow to develop as they clash over their views on serving the Jedi Order, the galaxy, and the Force.
But they must work together to decipher the connection between the senator and a trail of dangerous weapons threatening to wreak havoc on the Republic.
As the two delve further into their investigation, the lines between Jedi and Republic business blur, and Vernestra must rediscover what it means to serve for Light and Life.
Hunter, Wrecker, Tech, and Omega gamble on a mission to help rebuild Pabu in this thrilling adventure for The Bad Batch.
Hunter is well acquainted with this lesson.
He's on the run from the Empire, Echo's off on a mission with Captain Rex, and Crosshair is…still Crosshair, but amidst all the change, Hunter still has Tech, Wrecker, and Omega.
And it seems that his small family might have finally found a safe place to land, far from the increasingly vigilant eyes of the Empire: Pabu.
That's where Phee Genoa, self-proclaimed liberator of treasures, comes in, with a couple of jobs she swears will get them the funds they need.
Despite Hunter's concern with Phee’s precarious plans, the rest of the crew is fine following her lead.
Things go wrong almost immediately, as Phee's droid blows the crew’s cover at a high-stakes auction, and they barely make it out with the relic they'd been paid to acquire.
Hunter insists they finish their first mission and deliver the relic before taking on more work, but Phee and the others push forward with a second job: ferrying a couple on the run, one of whom is due to give birth at any moment.
Hunter worries what they're risking, especially when their mysterious new passengers cling to lies and secrets that trace back to an Imperial Security Bureau officer hot on their trail.
As Hunter tries to get the crew back on a stable, safe path far, far away from anything to do with the Empire's watchdogs, their overlapping missions only invite more danger and chaos.
On the verge of failing both their desperate passengers and their community on Pabu, the Batch must remember that the only way they succeed, the only way they survive to fight another day, is by trusting each other.
You've seen the movie The Phantom Menace.
That boy is twelve-year-old Anakin Skywalker.
The Force is strong in Anakin…so strong that the Jedi Council, despite misgivings, entrusted the young Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi with the mission of training him to become a Jedi Knight.
Obi-Wan, like his slain Master, Qui-Gon, believes Anakin may be the chosen one, the Jedi destined to bring balance to the Force.
But first Obi-Wan must help his undisciplined, idealistic apprentice, who still bears the scars of slavery, find his own balance.
Dispatched to the mysterious planet of Zonama Sekot, source of the fastest ships in the galaxy, Obi-Wan and Anakin are swept up in a swirl of deadly intrigue and betrayal.
Raith Sienar, a brilliant but unscrupulous weapons and ship designer, has the brains to decipher the Zonama Sekot ship design.
Commander Wilhuff Tarkin has at his disposal the forces of the mighty Trade Federation with which to extract the secret.
But as Tarkin's fleet strikes with all its brutal power, Obi-Wan and Anakin sense a disturbance in the Force unlike any they have encountered before.
It seems there are more secrets on Zonama Sekot than meet the eye.
The search for those secrets will threaten the bond between Obi-Wan and Anakin…and bring the troubled young apprentice face-to-face with his deepest fears—and his darkest destiny.
Prince Xizor is a mastermind of evil who dares to oppose one of the best-known fictional villains of all time: Darth Vader.
The story involves all the featured Star Wars movie characters, plus Emperor Palpatine and, of course, Lord Vader himself.
Fan-favorite Padawans and younglings must team-up to stop the seemingly unstoppable blight all while dealing with technological terrors in the form of crab-like scav droids that destroy everything in their path!
As the Empire reels from its critical defeats at the Battle of Endor, the Rebel Alliance—now a fledgling New Republic—presses its advantage by hunting down the enemy's scattered forces before they can regroup and retaliate.
But above the remote planet Akiva, an ominous show of the enemy's strength is unfolding.
Out on a lone reconnaissance mission, pilot Wedge Antilles watches Imperial Star Destroyers gather like birds of prey circling for a kill, but is taken captive before he can report back to the New Republic leaders.
Meanwhile, on the planet's surface, former Rebel fighter Norra Wexley has returned to her native world—war weary, ready to reunite with her estranged son, and eager to build a new life in some distant place.
But when Norra intercepts Wedge Antilles's urgent distress call, she realizes her time as a freedom fighter is not yet over.
Determined to preserve the Empire's power, the surviving Imperial elite are converging on Akiva for a top-secret emergency summit—to consolidate their forces and rally for a counterstrike.
But they haven't reckoned on Norra and her newfound allies—her technical genius son, a Zabrak bounty hunter, and a reprobate Imperial defector—who are prepared to do whatever they must to end the Empire's oppressive reign once and for all.
As the final showdown between the New Republic and the Empire draws near, all eyes turn to a once-isolated planet: Jakku.
The Battle of Endor shattered the Empire, scattering its remaining forces across the galaxy.
But the months following the Rebellion's victory have not been easy.
The fledgling New Republic has suffered a devastating attack from the Imperial remnant, forcing the new democracy to escalate their hunt for the hidden enemy.
For her role in the deadly ambush, Grand Admiral Rae Sloane is the most wanted Imperial war criminal—and one-time rebel pilot Norra Wexley, back in service at Leia's urgent request, is leading the hunt.
But more than just loyalty to the New Republic drives Norra forward: Her husband was turned into a murderous pawn in Sloane's assassination plot, and now she wants vengeance as much as justice.
But Sloane, too, is on a furious quest: pursuing the treacherous Gallius Rax to the barren planet Jakku.
As the true mastermind behind the Empire's devastating attack, Rax has led the Empire to its defining moment.
The cunning strategist has gathered the powerful remnants of the Empire's war machine, preparing to execute the late Emperor Palpatine's final plan.
As the Imperial fleet orbits Jakku, an armada of Republic fighters closes in to finish what began at Endor.
Norra and her crew soar into the heart of an apocalyptic clash that will leave land and sky alike scorched.
For Han Solo, that means settling his last outstanding debt, by helping Chewbacca liberate the Wookiee's home world of Kashyyyk.
Meanwhile, Norra Wexley and her band of rebels pursue Admiral Rae Sloane and the remaining Imperial leadership across the galaxy.
Sloane, increasingly wary of the mysterious fleet admiral, desperately searches for a means to save the crumbling Empire from oblivion.
Even as Imperial forces fight to regain lost ground, Princess Leia and the New Republic seek to broker a lasting peace.
But the rebel's hunt for Admiral Sloane is cut short after the disappearance of Han Solo and Chewbacca.
Desperate to save them, Leia conscripts Norra, Sinjir, Jas, and the rest of their team to find the missing smugglers and help them in their fight for freedom.
On the verge of victory in a brutal war, five New Republic pilots transform from hunted to hunters in this epic STAR WARS adventure.
Set after Return of the Jedi, Alphabet Squadron follows a unique team, each flying a different class of starfighter as they struggle to end their war once and for all.
The Emperor is dead.
The Imperial Army is in disarray.
In the aftermath, Yrica Quell is just one of thousands of defectors from her former cause living in a deserters' shantytown—until she is selected to join Alphabet Squadron.
Cobbled together from an eclectic assortment of pilots and starfighters, the five members of Alphabet are tasked by New Republic general Hera Syndulla herself.
Like Yrica, each is a talented pilot struggling to find their place in a changing galaxy.
Their mission: to track down and destroy the mysterious Shadow Wing, a lethal force of TIE fighters exacting bloody, reckless vengeance in the twilight of their reign.
The newly formed unit embodies the heart and soul of the Rebellion: ragtag, resourceful, scrappy, and emboldened by their most audacious victory in decades.
The wayward warriors of Alphabet Squad will have to learn to fly together if they want to protect the new era of peace they've fought so hard to achieve.
Among the stars and across the vast expanses of space, the Galactic Civil War rages.
On the battlefields of multiple worlds in the Mid Rim, legions of ruthless stormtroopers–bent on crushing resistance to the Empire wherever it arises–are waging close and brutal combat against an armada of freedom fighters.
In the streets and alleys of ravaged cities, the front-line forces of the Rebel Alliance are taking the fight to the enemy, pushing deeper into Imperial territory and grappling with the savage flesh-and-blood realities of war on the ground.
Leading the charge are the soldiers–men and women, human and nonhuman–of the Sixty-First Mobile Infantry, better known as Twilight Company.
When orders come down for the Rebels to fall back in the face of superior opposition numbers and firepower, Twilight reluctantly complies.
Then an unlikely ally radically changes the strategic equation–and gives the Alliance's hardest-fighting warriors a crucial chance to turn retreat into resurgence.
Orders or not, alone and outgunned but unbowed, Twilight Company locks, loads, and prepares to make its boldest maneuver–trading down-and-dirty battle in the trenches for a game-changing strike at the ultimate target: the very heart of the Empire's military machine.
After the humiliating theft of the Death Star plans and the resulting destruction of the battle station, the Empire is on the defensive.
In response to this stunning defeat, the Imperial Navy has authorized the formation of an elite team of soldiers, known as Inferno Squad.
Their mission: infiltrate and eliminate the remnants of Saw Gerrera's Partisans.
Following the death of their leader, the Partisans have carried on his extremist legacy, determined to thwart the Empire—no matter what the cost.
Now, Inferno Squad must prove their status as the best of the best and take down the Partisans from within.
But as the danger intensifies and the threat of discovery grows, how far will Inferno Squad go to ensure the safety of the Empire?
WITNESS THE BIRTH OF THE RESISTANCE.
When the Rebellion defeated the Empire in the skies above Endor, Leia Organa believed it was the beginning to a lasting peace.
But after decades of vicious infighting and partisan gridlock in the New Republic Senate, that hope seems like a distant memory.
Now a respected senator, Leia must grapple with the dangers that threaten to cripple that fledging democracy—from both within and without.
Desperate to take action, senators are calling for the election of a First Senator.
As the daughter of Darth Vader, Leia faces with distrust the prospect of any one person holding such a powerful position—even when supporters suggest Leia herself for the job.
But a new enemy may make this path Leia's only option.
Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker must stem the tide of the raging Clone Wars and forge a new bond as Jedi Knights.
The Clone Wars have begun.
With every world that joins the Separatists, the peace guarded by the Jedi Order is slipping through their fingers.
After an explosion devastates Cato Neimoidia, the jewel of the Trade Federation, the Republic is blamed and the fragile neutrality of the planet is threatened.
The Jedi dispatch Obi-Wan Kenobi, one of the Order's most gifted diplomatic minds, to investigate the crime and maintain the balance that has begun to dangerously shift.
As Obi-Wan investigates with the help of a heroic Neimoidian guard, he finds himself working against the Separatists who hope to draw the planet into their conspiracy—and senses the sinister hand of Asajj Ventress in the mists that cloak the planet.
Amid the brewing chaos, Anakin Skywalker rises to the rank of Jedi Knight.
Despite the mandate that Obi-Wan travel alone–and his former master's insistence that he listen this time—Anakin's headstrong determination means nothing can stop him from crashing the party, and bringing along a promising but conflicted youngling.
Once a Padawan to Obi-Wan, Anakin now finds himself on equal—but uncertain—footing with the man who raised him.
The two knights must learn a new way to work together—and they must learn quickly, to save Cato Neimoidia and its people from the fires of war.
For years the Republic and the Separatists have battled across the stars, each building more and more deadly technology in an attempt to win the war.
As a member of Chancellor Palpatine's top secret Death Star project, Orson Krennic is determined to develop a superweapon before their enemies can.
And an old friend of Krennic's, the brilliant scientist Galen Erso, could be the key.
Galen's energy-focused research has captured the attention of both Krennic and his foes, making the scientist a crucial pawn in the galactic conflict.
But after Krennic rescues Galen, his wife, Lyra, and their young daughter, Jyn, from Separatist kidnappers, the Erso family is deeply in Krennic's debt.
Krennic then offers Galen an extraordinary opportunity: to continue his scientific studies with every resource put utterly at his disposal.
While Galen and Lyra believe that his energy research will be used purely in altruistic ways, Krennic has other plans that will finally make the Death Star a reality.
Trapped in their benefactor's tightening grasp, the Ersos must untangle Krennic's web of deception to save themselves and the galaxy itself.
The only way to bring down the Sith’s most dangerous warrior may be to join forces with the dark side.
In the war for control of the galaxy between the armies of the dark side and the Republic, former Jedi Master turned ruthless Sith Lord Count Dooku has grown ever more brutal in his tactics.
Despite the powers of the Jedi and the military prowess of their clone army, the sheer number of fatalities is taking a terrible toll.
And when Dooku orders the massacre of a flotilla of helpless refugees, the Jedi Council feels it has no choice but to take drastic action: targeting the man responsible for so many war atrocities, Count Dooku himself.
But the ever-elusive Dooku is dangerous prey for even the most skilled hunter.
So the Council makes the bold decision to bring both sides of the Force's power to bear—pairing brash Jedi Knight Quinlan Vos with infamous one-time Sith acolyte Asajj Ventress.
Though Jedi distrust for the cunning killer who once served at Dooku's side still runs deep, Ventress's hatred for her former master runs deeper.
Together, Ventress and Vos are the best hope for eliminating Dooku—as long as the emerging feelings between them don't compromise their mission.
But Ventress is determined to have her retribution and at last let go of her dark Sith past.
Balancing the complicated emotions she feels for Vos with the fury of her warrior's spirit, she resolves to claim victory on all fronts—a vow that will be mercilessly tested by her deadly enemy . . . and her own doubt.
Set years after Return of the Jedi, this stunning new action-packed adventure rockets us back into the world of Princess Leia, Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, R2-D2, and Luke Skywalker, while introducing a host of exciting new characters.
Darth Vader may have been redeemed and the Emperor vanquished, but peace can be fleeting, and evil does not easily relent.
So return to that galaxy far, far away, and prepare yourself for what happens when the Force awakens....
After devastating losses at the hands of the First Order, General Leia Organa has dispatched her agents across the galaxy in search of allies, sanctuary, and firepower—and her top spy, Vi Moradi, may have just found all three, on a secluded world at the galaxy's edge.
A planet of lush forests, precarious mountains, and towering, petrified trees, Batuu is on the furthest possible frontier of the galactic map, the last settled world before the mysterious expanse of Wild Space.
The rogues, smugglers, and adventurers who eke out a living on the largest settlement on the planet, Black Spire Outpost, are here to avoid prying eyes and unnecessary complications.
Vi, a Resistance spy on the run from the First Order, is hardly a welcome guest.
To survive, Vi will have to seek out the good-hearted heroes hiding in a world that redefines scum and villainy.
With the help of a traitorous trooper and her acerbic droid, she begins to gather a colorful band of outcasts and misfits, and embarks on a mission to spark the fire of resistance on Batuu—before the First Order snuffs it out entirely.
A thrilling new adventure set between A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back, and—for the first time ever—written entirely from Luke Skywalker’s first-person point of view.
Luke Skywalker's game-changing destruction of the Death Star has made him not only a hero of the Rebel Alliance but a valuable asset in the ongoing battle against the Empire.
Though he's a long way from mastering the power of the Force, there's no denying his phenomenal skills as a pilot—and in the eyes of Rebel leaders Princess Leia Organa and Admiral Ackbar, there's no one better qualified to carry out a daring rescue mission crucial to the Alliance cause.
But the prospective spy's sympathies lie with the Rebels, and she's willing to join their effort in exchange for being reunited with her family.
It's an opportunity to gain a critical edge against the Empire that's too precious to pass up.
So Luke and the ever-resourceful droid R2-D2 swap their trusty X-wing fighter for a sleek space yacht piloted by brash recruit Nakari Kelen, daughter of a biotech mogul, who's got a score of her own to settle with the Empire.
Challenged by ruthless Imperial bodyguards, death-dealing enemy battleships, merciless bounty hunters, and monstrous brain-eating parasites, Luke plunges head-on into a high-stakes espionage operation that will push his abilities as a Rebel fighter and would-be Jedi to the limit.
If ever he needed the wisdom of Obi-Wan Kenobi to shepherd him through danger, it's now.
But Luke will have to rely on himself, his friends, and his own burgeoning relationship with the Force to survive.
After the thrilling events of The High Republic: Convergence, the Jedi race to confront the Path of the Open Hand and end the Forever War.
After five years of conflict, the planets Eiram and E'ronoh are on the cusp of real peace.
But when news breaks of a disaster at the treaty signing on Jedha, violence reignites on the beleaguered worlds.
Together, the royal heirs of both planets—Phan-tu Zenn and Xiri A'lbaran—working alongside the Jedi, have uncovered evidence that the conflict is being orchestrated by outside forces, and all signs point to the mysterious Path of the Open Hand, whom the Jedi also suspect of causing the disaster on Jedha.
With time—and answers—in short supply, the Jedi must divide their focus between helping quell the renewed violence on Eiram and E'ronoh and investigating the Path.
Among them is Gella Nattai, who turns to the one person she believes can unravel the mystery but the last person she wants to trust: Axel Greylark.
Will he reconcile with the Jedi and aid in their quest for justice and peace, or embrace the Path's promise of true freedom?
As all roads lead to Dalna, Gella and her allies prepare to take on a foe unlike any they've ever faced.
And it will take all of their trust in the Force, and in one another, to survive.
The next adventure in the High Republic, expanding the new era of Star Wars, with a story set generations before Light of the Jedi.
Jedi travel the galaxy, expanding their understanding of the Force and all the worlds and beings connected by it.
Meanwhile, the Republic, led by its two chancellors, works to unite worlds in an ever-growing community among near and distant stars.
On the close orbiting planets of Eiram and E'ronoh, the growing pains of a galaxy with limited resources but unlimited ambition are felt keenly.
Before lasting peace can be established, an assassination attempt targeting the couple tilts Eiram and E'ronoh back into all-out war.
To save both worlds, Jedi Knight Gella Nattai volunteers to uncover the culprit, while Chancellor Kyong appoints her son, Axel Greylark, to represent the Republic's interests in the investigation.
But Axel's deep distrust of the Jedi sparks against Gella's faith in the Force.
One year after the tragic events of The Fallen Star, the Jedi fight to break the Nihil's control over the galaxy.
Following the shocking destruction of Starlight Beacon, the Nihil establish an impenetrable barrier called the Stormwall around part of the Outer Rim, where Marchion Ro rules and his followers wreak havoc at his every whim.
Jedi trapped behind enemy lines, including Avar Kriss, must fight to help the worlds being pillaged by the Nihil while staying one step ahead of the marauders and their Nameless terrors.
Outside of the Nihil's so-called Occlusion Zone, Elzar Mann, Bell Zettifar, and the other Jedi work alongside the Republic to reach the worlds that have been cut off from the rest of the galaxy.
But every attempt to breach the Stormwall has failed, and even communication across the barrier is impossible.
For both Elzar and Bell, their failures and losses weigh heavily upon them as they search desperately for a solution.
But even if the Republic and Jedi forces manage to breach the Stormwall, how can the Jedi ever fight back against the Nameless creatures that prey on the Jedi's connection to the Force?
And what other horrors does Marchion Ro have in store?
As desperation for both the Jedi and the Republic grows, any hope of reuniting the galaxy could be all but extinguished….
In the initial hardcover and audiobook release of The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness, the list of planets brought under Nihil control by the expansion of the Stormwall includes Sullust, Pantora, and Malastare. 
In this gripping sequel to Star Wars: The Rising Storm, the light of the Jedi faces its darkest hour.
Time and again, the vicious raiders known as the Nihil have sought to bring the golden age of the High Republic to a fiery end.
ime and again, the High Republic has emerged battered and weary, but victorious thank to its Jedi protectors—and there is no monument to their cause grander than the Starlight Beacon.
Hanging like a jewel in the Outer Rim, the Beacon embodies the High Republic at the apex of its aspirations: a hub of culture and knowledge, a bright torch against the darkness of the unknown, and an extended hand of welcome to the furthest reaches of the galaxy.
As survivors and refugees flee the Nihil's attacks, the Beacon and its crew stand ready to shelter and heal.
The grateful Knights and Padawans of the Jedi Order stationed there finally have a chance to recover—from the pain of their injuries and the grief of their losses.
Marchion Ro, the true mastermind of the Nihil, is preparing his most daring attack yet—one designed to snuff out the light of the Jedi.
Long before the First Order, before the Empire, before even The Phantom Menace…Jedi lit the way for the galaxy in The High Republic.
Intrepid hyperspace scouts expand the reach of the Republic to the furthest stars, worlds flourish under the benevolent leadership of the Senate, and peace reigns, enforced by the wisdom and strength of the renowned order of Force users known as the Jedi.
With the Jedi at the height of their power, the free citizens of the galaxy are confident in their ability to weather any storm.
No sooner does the call for help go out than the Jedi race to the scene.
The scope of the emergence, however, is enough to push even Jedi to their limit.
As the sky breaks open and destruction rains down upon the peaceful alliance they helped to build, the Jedi must trust in the Force to see them through a day in which a single mistake could cost billions of lives.
Even as the Jedi battle valiantly against calamity, something truly deadly grows beyond the boundary of the Republic.
The hyperspace disaster is far more sinister than the Jedi could ever suspect.
A threat hides in the darkness, far from the light of the age, and harbors a secret that could strike fear into even a Jedi's heart.
Following the dramatic events of Light of the Jedi, the heroes of the High Republic era return to face a shattered peace and a fearsome foe.
In the wake of the Great Disaster and the heroism of the Jedi, the Republic continues to grow, bringing more worlds together under a single unified banner.
Led by Chancellor Lina Soh, the spirit of unity extends throughout the galaxy, with the Jedi and newly established Starlight Beacon station at the vanguard.
In celebration, the chancellor plans "The Republic Fair," a showcase of the possibility and peace of the expanding Republic—a precept the Jedi hope to foster.
Stellan Gios, Bell Zettifar, Elzar Mann, and others join the event as ambassadors of harmony.
But as the eyes of the galaxy turn toward the Fair, so too does the fury of the Nihil.
Their leader, Marchion Ro, is intent on destroying this spirit of unity.
As the Jedi struggle to curb the carnage of the rampaging Nihil, they come face to face with the true fear their enemy plans to unleash across the galaxy.
The kind of fear that even the Force cannot shield them from.
he reunited Jedi prepare to strike back against the ruthless Nihil in this thrilling sequel to Star Wars: The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness.
For over a year, Jedi Masters Avar Kriss and Elzar Mann were kept apart by the Nihil's Stormwall.
After Avar makes a daring escape from inside the Occlusion Zone, the star-crossed Jedi are reunited.
But while the physical distance between them has evaporated, their shared grief over their failure to protect the galaxy from the Nihil threat still remains.
To rally the Jedi Order, and the Republic, Avar and Elzar cling to their belief in serving Light and Life.
Working together they lead a daring mission into Nihil space to liberate the planet of Naboo, and show those trapped behind the Stormwall that the Jedi will never abandon them.
Now back within close orbit of one another, the two Jedi Masters can no longer deny the bond that has always drawn them back together and made them stronger.
After finally embracing their true desires and imbued with renewed purpose, Avar and Elzar devise a plan to turn the tide of the conflict with the Nihil once and for all.
Accompanied by Jedi Knights Bell Zettifar, Burryaga, and Vernestra Rwoh, the Jedi begin their hunt for Marchion Ro.
But to seek out the Nihil's dangerous leader the Jedi will have to survive the Nameless terrors that they have thus far been powerless to stop.
The Star Wars High Republic story comes to a conclusion, as the Jedi face off against the Nihil and Marchion Ro.
When the Jedi Order falls, an Inquisitor rise.
Padawan Iskat Akaris has dedicated her life to traveling the galaxy alongside her master, learning the ways of the Force to become a good Jedi.
Despite Iskat's dedication, peace and control have remained elusive, and with each setback, she feels her fellow Jedi grow more distrustful of her.
Already uncertain about her future in the Jedi Order, Iskat faces tragedy when her master is killed and the Clone Wars engulf the galaxy in chaos.
Trust in the wisdom of the Council.
Trust in the Force.
Yet as the shadows of doubt take hold, Iskat begins to ask questions that no Jedi is supposed to ask: Questions about her own unknown past.
Questions the Jedi Masters would consider dangerous.
As the years pass and the war endures, Iskat's faith in the Jedi wanes.
When the Jedi Order finally falls, Iskat seizes the chance to forge a path of her own.
She embraces the salvation of Order 66.
As an Inquisitor, Iskat finds the freedom she has always craved: to question, to want.
And with each strike of her red blade, Iskat moves closer to claiming her new destiny in the Force—whatever the cost.
Cal Kestis has built a new life for himself with the crew of the Stinger Mantis.
Together, Cal's crew has brought down bounty hunters, defeated Inquisitors, and even evaded Darth Vader himself.
More importantly, Merrin, Cere, Greez, and faithful droid BD-1 are the closest thing Cal has had to a family since the fall of the Jedi Order.
Even as the galaxy's future grows more uncertain by the day, with each blow struck against the Empire, the Mantis crew grows more daring.
On what should be a routine mission, they meet a stormtrooper determined to chart her own course with the help of Cal and the crew.
In exchange for help starting a new life, the Imperial deserter brings word of a powerful, potentially invaluable tool for their fight against the Empire.
The only catch – pursuing it will bring them into the path of one of the Empire's most dangerous servants, the Inquisitor known as the Fifth Brother.
And while Cal and his friends have survived run-ins with the Inquisitors before, how many times can they evade the Empire before their luck runs out?
From the ashes of the Empire has arisen another threat to the galaxy's freedom: the ruthless First Order.
Rey, the orphan strong in the Force; Finn, the ex-stormtrooper who stands against his former masters; and Poe Dameron, the fearless X-wing pilot, have been drawn together to fight side-by-side with General Leia Organa and the Resistance.
But the First Order's Supreme Leader Snoke and his merciless enforcer Kylo Ren are adversaries with superior numbers and devastating firepower at their command. 
Their only hope rests with a lost legend: Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
Where the action of Star Wars: The Force Awakens ended, Star Wars: The Last Jedi begins, as the battle between light and dark climbs to astonishing new heights.
But those who fly the Millennium Falcon throughout its infamous history aren't your average scoundrels.
Not once, but twice, the crew of the Falcon tries to claim the elusive prize—first, Lando Calrissian and the droid L3-37 at the dawn of an ambitious career, and later, a young and hungry Han Solo with the help of his copilot, Chewbacca.
But the device's creator, the volatile criminal Fyzen Gor, isn't interested in sharing.
It's been ten years since the rebel hero Han Solo last encountered Fyzen Gor.
After mounting a successful rebellion against the Empire and starting a family with an Alderaanian princess, Han hasn't given much thought to the mad inventor.
But when Lando turns up at Han's doorstep in the middle of the night, it's Fyzen's assassins that he's running from.
And without Han's help, Lando—and all life on Cloud City—will be annihilated.
With the assistance of a young hotshot pilot, an Ewok slicer prodigy, the woman who might be the love of Lando's life, and Han's best and furriest friend, the two most notorious scoundrels in the New Republic are working together once more.
They'll have to journey across the stars—and into the past—before Gor uses the device's power to reshape the galaxy.
In the year before The Phantom Menace, Yoda, Mace Windu, and the entire Jedi Council confront a galaxy on the brink of change.
The Jedi have always traveled the stars, defending peace and justice across the galaxy.
But, the galaxy is changing, and along with it, the Jedi Order.
More and more, the Order finds itself focused on the future of the Republic, secluded on Coruscant, where the twelve members of the Jedi Council weigh crises on a galactic scale.
As yet another Jedi Outpost leftover from the Republic's golden age is set to be decommissioned on the planet Kwenn, Qui-Gon Jinn challenges the Council about the increasing isolation of the Order.
Mace Windu suggests a bold response: all twelve Jedi Masters will embark on a goodwill mission to help the planet, and remind the people of the galaxy that the Jedi remain as stalwart and present as they have been across the ages.
But the arrival of the Jedi leadership is not seen by all as a cause for celebration.
Warring pirate factions have infested the sector in the increasing absence of the Jedi.
To maintain their dominance, the pirates unite, intent on assassinating the Council.
Cut off from Coruscant, the Jedi Masters must reckon with an unwelcome truth: that while no one thinks more about the future than the Jedi Council, nobody needs their help more than those living in the present.
"It appears things are as you suspected, Lord Vader".
Anakin Skywalker, Jedi Knight, is just a memory.
Darth Vader, newly anointed Sith Lord, is ascendant.
The Emperor's chosen apprentice has swiftly proven his loyalty to the dark side.
Still, the history of the Sith Order is one of duplicity, betrayal, and acolytes violently usurping their Masters—and the truest measure of Vader's allegiance has yet to be taken.
On Ryloth, a planet crucial to the growing Empire as a source of slave labor and the narcotic known as "spice," an aggressive resistance movement has arisen, led by Cham Syndulla, an idealistic freedom fighter, and Isval, a vengeful former slave.
But Emperor Palpatine means to control the embattled world and its precious resources—by political power or firepower—and he will be neither intimidated nor denied.
Accompanied by his merciless disciple, Darth Vader, he sets out on a rare personal mission to ensure his will is done.
For Syndulla and Isval, it's the opportunity to strike at the very heart of the ruthless dictatorship sweeping the galaxy.
And for the Emperor and Darth Vader, Ryloth becomes more than just a matter of putting down an insurrection: When an ambush sends them crashing to the planet's surface, where inhospitable terrain and an army of resistance fighters await them, they will find their relationship tested as never before.
With only their lightsabers, the dark side of the Force, and each other to depend on, the two Sith must decide if the brutal bond they share will make them victorious allies or lethal adversaries.
Jedi Master Mace Windu travels to a dangerous, remote planet on a mission that challenges even his deadly prowess—all to fulfill Qui-Gon's last request.
The Jedi are reeling from Qui-Gon Jinn's sudden death at the hands of a Sith.
Jedi Master Mace Windu's feelings about Qui-Gon have always been complicated, and have not been made any simpler in death.
While they often disagreed, Mace valued Qui-Gon's unique perspective, and their shared dedication to the Force made them allies.
Without Qui-Gon and his unorthodox views, Mace feels out of balance.
While considering his fallen friend's legacy, Mace is surprised to receive a final message from Qui-Gon, marked to be delivered to Mace on the event of Qui-Gon's death.
The message contains a last request: a plea to help the Outer Rim planet of Metagos.
As a young Jedi, Qui-Gon protected the Sa'ad farming clan from the planet's less scrupulous factions.
The Sa'ad practice the art of dream-weaving, retaining their waking minds upon sleep in order to communicate and coexist with the wild creatures around them.
Qui-Gon vowed to return if they ever required his aid, but now it falls to Mace to fulfill that promise.
The Sa'ad's leader, KinShan Nightbird, has begged for the Jedi's help in freeing Metagos from the crime lords who threaten to eradicate her people's way of life.
Intent on fulfilling Qui-Gon's final wishes, Mace travels to Metagos and infiltrates the enemies of the Sa'ad.
But as the Jedi Master investigates the intricate web of adversaries and allies, Mace finds himself pushed to the boundaries of the Jedi code, challenging his beliefs and his relationship to the Force itself.
An unexpected offer threatens the bond between Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi as the two Jedi navigate a dangerous new planet and an uncertain future.
A Jedi must be a fearless warrior, a guardian of justice, and a scholar in the ways of the Force.
But perhaps a Jedi's most essential duty is to pass on what they have learned.
Master Yoda trained Dooku; Dooku trained Qui-Gon Jinn; and now Qui-Gon has a Padawan of his own.
But while Qui-Gon has faced all manner of threats and danger as a Jedi, nothing has ever scared him like the thought of failing his apprentice.
Obi-Wan Kenobi has deep respect for his Master, but struggles to understand him.
Why must Qui-Gon so often disregard the laws that bind the Jedi?
Why is Qui-Gon drawn to ancient Jedi prophecies instead of more practical concerns?
And why wasn't Obi-Wan told that Qui-Gon is considering an invitation to join the Jedi Council—knowing it would mean the end of their partnership?
The simple answer scares him: Obi-Wan has failed his Master.
When Jedi Rael Averross, another former student of Dooku, requests their assistance with a political dispute, Jinn and Kenobi travel to the royal court of Pijal for what may be their final mission together.
What should be a simple assignment quickly becomes clouded by deceit, and by visions of violent disaster that take hold in Qui-Gon's mind.
As Qui-Gon's faith in prophecy grows, Obi-Wan's faith in him is tested—just as a threat surfaces that will demand that Master and apprentice come together as never before, or be divided forever.
For a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights brought peace and order to the Galactic Republic, aided by their connection to the mystical energy field known as the Force. 
Now Emperor Palpatine, once Chancellor of the Republic and secretly a Sith follower of the dark side of the Force, has brought his own peace and order to the galaxy.
But even as the Emperor tightens his iron grip, others have begun to question his means and motives.
And still others, whose lives were destroyed by Palpatine's machinations, lay scattered about the galaxy like unexploded bombs, waiting to go off. . . .
Journey to Star Wars: The Force Awakens with this exclusive ebook short story featuring a quick-witted mercenary who takes big risks for bigger rewards—and now faces the challenge that will take her to the edge.
But probably none as dangerous and determined as Bazine Netal.
An anonymous client has hired Bazine to track down an ex-stormtrooper and recover the mysterious package he's safeguarding.
Payment for the mission promises to be astronomical, but the obstacles facing Bazine will prove to be formidable.
And though her eager new sidekick has cyber skills crucial to the mission, only Bazine's razor-sharp talents will mean the difference between success or failure—and life or death.
Discover Captain Phasma's mysterious history in this "Journey to Star Wars: The Last Jedi" novel.
One of the most cunning and merciless officers of the First Order, Captain Phasma commands the favor of her superiors, the respect of her peers, and the terror of her enemies.
Phasma remains as virtually unknown as the impassive expression on her gleaming chrome helmet.
Deep inside the Battlecruiser Absolution, a captured Resistance spy endures brutal interrogation at the hands of a crimson-armored stormtrooper—Cardinal.
But the information he desires has nothing to do with the Resistance or its covert operations against the First Order.
What the mysterious stormtrooper wants is Phasma's past—and with it whatever long-buried scandal, treachery, or private demons he can wield against the hated rival who threatens his own power and privilege in the ranks of the First Order.
His prisoner has what Cardinal so desperately seeks, but she won't surrender it easily.
As she wages a painstaking war of wills with her captor, bargaining for her life in exchange for every precious revelation, the spellbinding chronicle of the inscrutable Phasma unfolds.
But this knowledge may prove more than just dangerous once Cardinal possesses it—and once his adversary unleashes the full measure of her fury.
You are cordially invited to the wedding of Princess Leia Organa and Han Solo.
The Death Star is destroyed.
Darth Vader is dead.
The Empire is desolated.
But on the forest moon of Endor, amongst the chaos of a changing galaxy, time stands still for a princess and her scoundrel.
After being frozen in carbonite, then risking everything for the Rebellion, Han is eager to stop living his life for other people.
He and Leia have earned their future together, a thousand times over.
And when he proposes to Leia, it's the first time in a long time he's had a good feeling about this.
For Leia, a lifetime of fighting doesn't truly seem over.
Her brother, Luke, is offering her that chance–one that comes with family and the promise of the Force.
But when Han asks her to marry him, Leia finds her answer immediately on her lips…Yes.
As soon as Han and Leia depart their idyllic ceremony on Endor for their honeymoon, they find themselves on the grandest and most glamorous stage of all: the Halcyon, a luxury vessel on a very public journey to the most wondrous worlds in the galaxy.
Facing their most desperate hour, the soldiers of the Empire have dispersed across the galaxy, retrenching on isolated worlds vulnerable to their influence.
But as danger draws closer, Han and Leia find that they fight their best battles not alone but as husband and wife.
Before the Rebellion, the Empire reigns, in book one of a trilogy told through the eyes of Mon Mothma, Bail Organa, and Saw Gerrera.
In order to ensure the security and continuing stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire! For a safe and secure society! 
With one speech, and thunderous applause, Chancellor Palpatine brought the era of the Republic crashing down. 
Mon Mothma, Saw Gerrera, and Bail Organa face the encroaching darkness.
One day, they will be three architects of the Rebel Alliance.
In this pivotal prequel to Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, the heroes of the Resistance—Poe Dameron, General Leia Organa, Rey, and Finn—must fight back from the edge of oblivion.
The Resistance is in ruins.
In the wake of their harrowing escape from Crait, what was once an army has been reduced to a handful of wounded heroes.
Finn, Poe, Rey, Rose, Chewbacca, Leia Organa—their names are famous among the oppressed worlds they fight to liberate.
But names can only get you so far, and Leia's last desperate call for aid has gone unanswered.
From the jungles of Ryloth to the shipyards of Corellia, the shadow of the First Order looms large, and those with the bravery to face the darkness are scattered and isolated.
If hope is to survive, the Resistance must journey throughout the galaxy, seeking out more leaders—including those who, in days gone by, helped a nascent rebellion topple an empire.
Battles will be fought, alliances will be forged, and the Resistance will be reborn.
Witness the epic final chapter of the Skywalker saga with the official novelization of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, including expanded scenes and additional content not seen in theaters!
The Resistance has been reborn.
But although Rey and her fellow heroes are back in the fight, the war against the First Order, now led by Supreme Leader Kylo Ren, is far from over.
Just as the spark of rebellion is rekindling, a mysterious signal broadcasts throughout the galaxy, with a chilling message: Emperor Palpatine, long thought defeated and destroyed, is back from the dead.
Has the ancient Lord of the Sith truly returned?
Kylo Ren cuts a swath of destruction across the stars, determined to discover any challenge to his control over the First Order and his destiny to rule over the galaxy—and crush it completely.
Meanwhile, to discover the truth, Rey, Finn, Poe, and the Resistance must embark on the most perilous adventure they have ever faced.
As the shadows of the Empire loom ever larger across the galaxy, so do deeply troubling rumors.
The Rebellion has learned of a sinister Imperial plot to bring entire worlds to their knees.
Deep in Empire-dominated space, a machine of unimaginable destructive power is nearing completion.
If the worlds at the Empire's mercy stand any chance, it lies with an unlikely band of allies: Jyn Erso, a resourceful young woman seeking vengeance; Cassian Andor, a war-weary rebel commander; Bodhi Rook, a defector from the Empire's military; Chirrut Îmwe, a blind holy man and his crack-shot companion, Baze Malbus; and K-2SO, a deadly Imperial droid turned against its former masters.
In their hands rests the new hope that could turn the tide toward a crucial Rebellion victory—if only they can capture the plans to the Empire's new weapon.
Waiting to herald the Empire's brutal reign with a burst of annihilation worthy of its dreaded name: Death Star.
Alphabet Squadron's hunt for the deadliest TIE fighters in the galaxy continues in this Star Wars adventure!
News of the New Republic's victory still reverberates through the galaxy.
And none are more dangerous than Shadow Wing.
Yrica Quell's ragtag Alphabet Squadron still leads the search for Shadow Wing, but they're no closer to their goal—and the pressure to find their quarry before it's too late has begun to shake them apart.
Determined, Quell works with New Republic Intelligence's contentious Caern Adan and the legendary General Hera Syndulla to prepare the riskiest gambit of her starfighting career—a trap for Shadow Wing that could finish the chase once and for all.
Soran Keize, last of the Imperial aces, has stepped into the power vacuum at the head of Shadow Wing, reinvigorating the faltering unit in their hour of need.
Once adrift in the aftershocks of the war, Keize has found meaning again, leading the lost soldiers of his unit through to safety.
The most mismatched squadron in the New Republic Navy, led by his former mentee: the traitor Yrica Quell.
Luke Skywalker and Lando Calrissian return in this essential novel set between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens.
The Empire is dead.
Nearly two decades on from the Battle of Endor, the tattered remnants of Palpatine's forces have fled to the farthest reaches of the galaxy.
But for the heroes of the New Republic, danger and loss are ever-present companions, even in this newly forged era of peace.
Jedi Master Luke Skywalker is haunted by visions of the dark side, foretelling an ominous secret growing somewhere in the depths of space, on a dead world called Exegol.
The disturbance in the Force is undeniable . . . and Luke's worst fears are confirmed when his old friend, Lando Calrissian, comes to him with reports of a new Sith menace.
After his daughter was stolen, Lando searched the stars for any trace of his lost child.
But every new rumor only led to dead ends and fading hopes—until he crossed paths with Ochi of Bestoon, a Sith assassin tasked with kidnapping a young girl.
Ochi's true motives remain shrouded to Luke and Lando.
For on a junkyard moon, a mysterious envoy of the Sith Eternal has bequeathed a sacred blade to the assassin, promising that it will give him answers to the questions that have haunted him since the Empire fell.
In exchange, he must complete a final mission: return to Exegol with the key to the Sith's glorious rebirth—the granddaughter of Darth Sidious himself, Rey.
As Ochi hunts Rey and her parents to the edge of the galaxy, Luke and Lando race into the mystery of the Sith's lingering shadow and aid a young family running for their lives.
Don't miss the exclusive content in this thrilling adaptation of Solo: A Star Wars Story, with scenes from alternate versions of the script including Han Solo's time in the Imperial Navy, Qi'ra's past, the beginnings of the rebellion, and more!
Though Han Solo has thrilled Star Wars fans for decades, the notorious wisecracking scoundrel was chasing adventure and dodging trouble long before he walked into the cantina at Mos Eisley spaceport.
Young Han dreams of someday soaring into space at the helm of his own starship and leaving his home, the gritty industrial planet Corellia, far behind.
But as long as he's trapped in a life of poverty and crime—and under the thumb of the sinister Lady Proxima and her brutal street gang—reaching the distant stars seems impossible.
When Han tries to escape with his girlfriend and partner-in-crime, Qi'ra, he makes it out—but she doesn't.
Desperate for a way to find his own offworld vessel and free her, Han enlists in the Imperial Navy—the last place for a rebellious loner who doesn't play well with others.
When the Empire clips his wings, Han goes rogue and plunges into the shady world of smugglers, gamblers, and con artists.
There he meets the charming and cunning high roller Lando Calrissian, makes an unlikely friend in a cantankerous Wookiee called Chewbacca, and first lays eyes on the Millennium Falcon.
To snag his piece of the outlaw pie, Han joins a crew of pirates to pull off a risky heist.
But never tell Han Solo the odds.
Loyal proponent of the Republic and trusted ally of the Jedi Order.
Groomed by the ruthless politician and Sith Lord who would be Emperor, Governor Wilhuff Tarkin rises through the Imperial ranks, enforcing his authority ever more mercilessly…and zealously pursuing his destiny as the architect of absolute dominion.
Rule through the fear of force rather than force itself, he advises his Emperor.
Under Tarkin's guidance, an ultimate weapon of unparalleled destruction moves ever closer to becoming a terrifying reality.
When the so-called Death Star is completed, Tarkin is confident that the galaxy's lingering pockets of Separatist rebellion will be brought to heel—by intimidation…or annihilation.
Escalating guerrilla attacks by resistance forces and newfound evidence of a growing Separatist conspiracy are an immediate danger the Empire must meet with swift and brutal action.
And to bring down a band of elusive freedom fighters, the Emperor turns to his most formidable agents: Darth Vader, the fearsome new Sith enforcer as remorseless as he is mysterious; and Tarkin—whose tactical cunning and cold-blooded efficiency will pave the way for the Empire's supremacy…and its enemies' extinction.
One of the most cunning and ruthless warriors in the history of the Galactic Empire, Grand Admiral Thrawn is also one of the most captivating characters in Star Wars.
From his introduction in bestselling author Timothy Zahn's classic Heir to the Empire, through his continuing adventures in Dark Force Rising, The Last Command, and beyond, Grand Admiral Thrawn has earned an iconic status among Star Wars' greatest villains.
But Thrawn's origins and the story of his rise in the Imperial ranks have remained mysterious.
Now, in Star Wars: Thrawn, Timothy Zahn chronicles the fateful events that launched the blue-skinned, red-eyed master of military strategy and lethal warfare into the highest realms of power—and infamy.
After Thrawn is rescued from exile by Imperial soldiers, his deadly ingenuity and keen tactical abilities swiftly capture the attention of Emperor Palpatine.
And just as quickly, Thrawn proves to be as indispensable to the Empire as he is ambitious; as devoted as its most loyal servant, Darth Vader; and a brilliant warrior never to be underestimated.
As one promotion follows another in his rapid ascension to greater power, he schools his trusted aide, Ensign Eli Vanto, in the arts of combat and leadership, and the secrets of claiming victory.
But even though Thrawn dominates the battlefield, he has much to learn in the arena of politics where ruthless administrator Arihnda Pryce holds the power to be a potent ally or a brutal enemy.
All these lessons will be put to the ultimate test when Thrawn rises to admiral—and must pit all the knowledge, instincts, and battle forces at his command against an insurgent uprising that threatens not only innocent lives but also the Empire's grip on the galaxy—and his own carefully laid plans for future ascendancy.
Beyond the edge of the galaxy lie the Unknown Regions: chaotic, uncharted, and near impassable, possessing hidden secrets and dangers in equal measure.
And nestled within their swirling chaos is the Ascendancy, home to the enigmatic Chiss and the Nine Ruling Families that lead them.
The peace of the Ascendancy, a beacon of calm and stability, is shattered after a daring attack on the Chiss capital that reveals no trace of the enemy.
Baffled, the Ascendancy dispatches one of its brightest young military officers to root out the unseen assailants—a recruit born of no title but adopted into the powerful family of the Mitth and given the name Thrawn.
With the might of the Expansionary Fleet at his back and aided by his comrade, Admiral Ar'alani, Thrawn begins to piece together the answers he's looking for.
But as Thrawn's first command probes deeper into the vast stretch of space his people call the Chaos, he realizes that the mission he has been given is not what it seems.
Thrawn's latest triumph still rests newly on his shoulders.
Despite leading the Chiss to victory and bringing glory to the House of Mitth, the true threat to the Ascendancy has not yet been extinguished.
Their foes do not send threats or ultimatums, or mass ships on the edge of the Chaos.
Across the Ascendancy, seemingly inconsequential events could herald the doom of the Chiss.
As Thrawn and the Expansionary Defense Fleet rally to uncover the enemy plot, they discover a chilling truth.
Rather than invade Chiss capitals or pillage resources, this mysterious enemy strikes at the very foundation of the Ascendancy by widening the rifts between the Nine Ruling Families and Forty Great Houses below.
For thousands of years The Chiss Ascendancy has been an island of calm, a center of power, and a beacon of integrity.
Led by the Nine Ruling Families, their leadership stands as a bulwark of stability against the Chaos of the Unknown Regions.
Despite the efforts of the Expansionary Defense Fleet, the Ascendancy slips closer and closer toward civil war.
The Chiss are no strangers to war.
Their mythic status in the Chaos was earned through conflict and terrible deeds, some long buried.
To ensure the Ascendancy's future, Thrawn will delve deep into its past, uncovering the dark secrets surrounding the ascension of the First Ruling Family.
To secure the salvation of the Ascendancy, is Thrawn willing to sacrifice everything?
"I have sensed a disturbance in the Force".
Ominous words under any circumstances, but all the more so when uttered by Emperor Palpatine.
On Batuu, at the edges of the Unknown Regions, a threat to the Empire is taking root—its existence little more than a glimmer, its consequences as yet unknowable.
But it is troubling enough to the Imperial leader to warrant investigation by his most powerful agents: ruthless enforcer Lord Darth Vader and brilliant strategist Grand Admiral Thrawn.
Fierce rivals for the emperor's favor, and outspoken adversaries on Imperial affairs—including the Death Star project—the formidable pair seem unlikely partners for such a crucial mission.
But the Emperor knows it's not the first time Vader and Thrawn have joined forces.
In what seems like a lifetime ago, General Anakin Skywalker of the Galactic Republic, and Commander Mitth'raw'nuruodo, officer of the Chiss Ascendancy, crossed paths for the first time.
Such was the promise Grand Admiral Thrawn made to Emperor Palpatine at their first meeting.
But as keen a weapon as Thrawn has become, the Emperor dreams of something far more destructive.
Now, as Thrawn's TIE defender program is halted in favor of Director Krennic's secret Death Star project, he realizes that the balance of power in the Empire is measured by more than just military acumen or tactical efficiency.
As Thrawn works to secure his place in the Imperial hierarchy, his former protégé Eli Vanto returns with a dire warning about Thrawn's homeworld.
Thrawn's mastery of strategy must guide him through an impossible choice: duty to the Chiss Ascendancy, or fealty to the Empire he has sworn to serve. 
The aces of the New Republic have one final chance to defeat the darkness of Shadow Wing in this thrilling conclusion to the Star Wars: Alphabet Squadron trilogy!
In the wake of Yrica Quell's shocking decision—and one of the fiercest battles of their lives—the remnants of Alphabet Squadron seek answers and closure across a galaxy whose old war scars are threatening to reopen.
Soran Keize has returned to the tip of Shadow Wing's spear.
Operation: Cinder, the terrifying protocol of planetary extermination that began in the twilight of the Imperial era, burns throughout the galaxy.
Shadow Wing is no longer wounded prey fleeing the hunters of the New Republic.
With its leader, its strength has returned, and its Star Destroyers and TIE squadrons lurk in the darkness between stars, carrying out the fallen Emperor's final edict of destruction—as well as another, stranger mission, one Keize has championed not for the dying Empire, but for its loyal soldiers.
Alphabet Squadron's ships are as ramshackle and damaged as their spirits, but they've always had one another.
Now, as they face the might of Keize's reborn juggernaut, they aren't sure they even have that.
he fearsome Nihil continue to spread chaos inside the Occlusion Zone, aided by the mysterious creatures called the Nameless that feed on the Force itself.
When the people of an embattled world plead for help with the Nihil threat, a team of both Republic Defense Coalition members and Jedi—including Ram Jomaram—is sent to their aid.
The team soon discovers that their ship contains four stowaways—Jedi younglings Kildo, TepTep, and Jamil, and Zenny Greylark, a senator's daughter determined to find her sister.
When a distress call comes in from a nearby planet, Jedi Master Adi-Li Carro agrees to take the stowaways to investigate.
There, they will encounter a young Hutt on a mission, a stranger with mysterious motives, and the creatures they fear the most.
The villainous Nihil control an area of space known as the Occlusion Zone, where no one is safe, least of all Jedi.
Centuries before the Clone Wars or the Empire, it is a dangerous time for the galaxy, and the Jedi of the High Republic must face their greatest trials yet….
One of the Jedi stuck behind enemy lines is Padawan Ram Jomaram, doing his best to help the people of his home planet, Valo, survive Nihil occupation while keeping his Jedi identity hidden.
When Ram discovers a trio of young Jedi living in the ruins of the city zoo, he finds himself in a position he never could have imagined: leader.
Ram and the others will have to band together to face their fears and protect the people of Valo as only the Jedi can!
Two hundred years before the events of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, in the era of the glorious High Republic, the Jedi are the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy!
The Jedi think the dreaded Nihil marauders have been all but defeated. 
Jedi Knight Vernestra Rwoh hopes this means she will finally have time to really train her Padawan, Imri Cantaros—but reports of a Nihil attack on Port Haileap soon dash those hopes.
For not only have the Nihil attacked the peaceful outpost, they have abducted Vernestra and Imri's friend, Avon Starros.
The two Jedi set off for Port Haileap, determined to figure out where the Nihil have taken their friend.
Meanwhile, Avon must put her smarts and skills to the ultimate test as she fights for survival among the Nihil—and uncovers a sinister plan.
Can Vernestra and Imri find their friend before disaster strikes?
A trio of adventure-seekers set off to find the legendary Planet X and save the galaxy as they know it!
Despite rumors of conflict between the Jedi and the Path of the Open Hand, two of the Republic's most powerful prospecting families announce a contest to chart new hyperlanes.
Under the guise of joining the competition, Dass Leffbruk and Sky Graf recruit Jedi padawan Rooper Nitani, only to reveal their real plan: find the mysterious and legendary Planet X.
The trio's quest takes an unexpected turn when they meet members of the Path of the Open Hand, forcing the heroes to put their goals aside to help the Jedi—and the galaxy—before it's too late.
Centuries before the Clone Wars or the Empire, in the early days of the High Republic, it was an age of exploration in a galaxy far, far away….
Daring pilots chart new routes through hyperspace, while Pathfinder teams make contact with frontier worlds to invite them to join the Republic.
When a Pathfinder team's communications droid is found drifting in space, damaged and bearing a cryptic message, Jedi Knight Silandra Sho and her Padawan, Rooper Nitani, are sent to find the missing team members.
Their investigation leads them to the planet Gloam, a ravaged world said to be haunted by mythical monsters.
Can the Jedi find the missing Pathfinders and unravel the mystery of the monsters?
Visitors from all over the galaxy are traveling to the planet Valo for a massive, awe-inspiring festival celebrating the Republic.
While his fellow Valons prepare for the fair, Jedi Padawan Ram Jomaram is hiding out in his favorite place: a dingy garage filled with mechanical parts and tools.
But when a security alarm goes off on the nearby hilltop nicknamed Crashpoint Peak, he ventures out with his trusty droid V-18 to investigate.
There he discovers that someone has knocked out Valo's communications tower - a frightening sign that Valo, and the Republic Fair, are in danger.
Sure enough, as Ram races to warn the Jedi, the dreaded Nihil unleash a surprise attack!
It's up to Ram to face down the enemy at Crashpoint Tower and send a call for help to the Republic.
Long before the Clone Wars, the Empire, or the First Order, the Jedi lit the way for the galaxy in a golden age known as the High Republic!
Vernestra Rwoh is a new Jedi Knight at age sixteen, but her first real assignment feels an awful lot like babysitting.
She's been charged with supervising twelve-year old aspiring inventor Avon Starros on a cruiser headed to the dedication of a wondrous new space station called Starlight Beacon.
While the adult Jedi try to save the ship, Vernestra, Avon, Avon's droid J-6, a Jedi Padawan, and an ambassador's son make it to an escape shuttle, but communications are out and supplies are low.
An exciting book based on the game Star Wars: Hunters!
On the planet Vespaara lies the Grand Arena—a series of battlefields where fighters known as Hunters face off in teams to compete in front of roaring crowds.
Newest to their ranks is Rieve, a Force-sensitive orphan from Corellia with abilities she can barely control, and a past she desperately wants to leave behind.
But Rieve gets off to a rocky start, strugging with her lack of confidence both inside the Arena and with her fellow Hunters.
And when a mysterious stranger begins stalking the Arena, Rieve fears her troubled past has finally caught up with her....
MATTIS BANZ knows that he's meant to be a hero of the galaxy like the legendary Luke Skywalker, and when General Leia Organa's Resistance recruits him to join its efforts against the evil First Order, he finally has a chance to fulfill his destiny.
Sure, there's the Zeltron girl Lorica, famous for her exploits foiling evil smugglers, but there's also the swamp boy named Dec, who seems to enjoy causing trouble; Dec's "brother," a droid who thinks he's a pilot; Sari, whose imposing size contradicts her sweet nature; and Jo, the stuffy group leader with secrets.
How is Mattis supposed to be the next Poe Dameron when he and his squad mates spend more time in trouble than flying X-wings?
Of course they can: Jo immediately turns traitor and abandons his Resistance squad mates, and AG is taken away to be reprogrammed as a villainous First Order droid.
Forced to rely on each other, can the squabbling Mattis and Lorica work together to escape before they are forced to give up Resistance secrets?
Meanwhile, Dec and Sari land on a mysterious moon and encounter unexpected inhabitants: a group of outspoken droids and the infamous Harra the Hutt.
Harra might be able to help Dec and Sari save their friends, but bargaining with a Hutt rarely goes as planned.
J-Squadron would be flying away from a First Order ship, not toward one.
But this ship has their friend and squad mate Jo Jerjerrod aboard as a prisoner, and J-Squadron won’t stop until Jo is safely back with the Resistance.
Their pursuit takes them to Starkiller Base, a planet that has been turned into a headquarters for the First Order—and a weapon capable of destroying entire star systems.
Mattis and his friends need to rescue Jo and get off-planet as fast as they can so they can warn the Resistance about the secret base … but will they be able to stop squabbling among themselves?
If there was ever a time for the members of J-Squadron to step up and become heroes, this is it!
A collection of myths and tall-tales about the legendary Jedi Luke Skywalker.
As a cargo ship rockets across the galaxy to Canto Bight, the deckhands on board trade stories about legendary Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker.
But are the stories of iconic and mysterious Luke Skywalker true, or merely tall tales passed from one corner of the galaxy to another?
Is Skywalker really a famous Jedi hero, an elaborate charlatan, or even part droid?
The deckhands will have to decide for themselves when they hear The Legends of Luke Skywalker.
Star Wars fans can experience the successful first season of "The Mandalorian" with this audio book.
The first Star Wars live-action series follows a bounty hunter and lone warrior from the planet Mandalore.
After the fall of the Galactic Empire, he fights his way through the outer reaches of the galaxy: far from the influence of the New Republic, but constantly striving to protect his precious cargo "The Child" aka "Baby Yoda.
When Chewbacca the Wookiee finds out that a job he thought was just ferrying tooka cats is actually much more, he's excited to have something to do!
But when he, a young bounty hunter/librarian, and a droll cargo droid–who, unbeknownst to the others is rebel spy droid K-2SO–land in the middle of a blue forest that emits a fear-causing mist, Chewie realizes the job may be too dangerous for his liking.
He and his companions will have to fight off snarlers, sniffers, and their own fears as they try to recover a sacred book–and rescue Han Solo in the process!
Perfect for reading before or after seeing Solo: A Star Wars Story in theaters!
Although the Rebel Alliance has won a few battles against the Empire, hope is fading.
The Empire is about to finish building the greatest weapon the galaxy has ever seen—the Death Star.
Since the premier of the original film, Princess Leia, Han Solo, and Luke Skywalker have become iconic, larger-than-life characters.
The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy takes a deeper look at these three heroes as they join forces to defeat the evil that threatens their entire galaxy".
The conclusion of the Skywalker Saga is finally here.
This junior novel retelling of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, contains deleted and extended scenes, including exclusive scenes you won't find anywhere else!
Relive the excitement of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story with this action-packed retelling!
The Rebel Alliance has learned of the existence of a terrifying Imperial weapon, capable of destroying entire planets: the Death Star.
The fate of the galaxy rests on the courageous young woman Jyn Erso and her band of unlikely companions as they race to steal the plans to the Death Star before time runs out.
Han Solo and Chewbacca return in an all-new adventure!
In this story, set between Star Wars: A New Hope and Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, Han and Chewie must fly the Millennium Falcon on a top-secret mission for the Rebellion, while evading ruthless bounty hunters and a relentless Imperial agent.
Board the Millennium Falcon for a galactic adventure that explores the story of one of Star Wars greatest heroes!
Han Solo leaves his homeworld Corellia behind and dreams of becoming the greatest pilot in the galaxy.
But before he can find the perfect ship he'll have to survive a dangerous job in the criminal underworld! Read along as Han encounters Chewbacca the Wookiee, smuggler Lando Calrissian and other heroes and villains.
When a distress plea goes up from the isolated planet Minfar, Resistance heroes Rey, Poe and Rose hear the call!
Together they will face down a First Order battalion, terrifying flying creatures, and a weapon that could change the course of the war!
Relive the excitement of one of the most anticipated movies of all time with this action-packed retelling of Star Wars: The Force Awakens!
Many years have passed since the Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker and the Rebel Alliance were victorious over the evil Empire, and the galaxy has been at peace.
The brave men and women of the Resistance must stand against Kylo Ren and the villainous First Order.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far, away. . . . The First Order has the Resistance on the run.
Things grow ever more desperate for General Leia Organa, pilot Poe Dameron, and former stormtrooper Finn as they desperately try to evade the First Order fleet. 
Rey knows she must convince the Jedi to help bring down the First Order, or all might be lost.
Luke Skywalker returns for an all-new adventure in this thrilling upper middle grade novel.
Set between Star Wars: A New Hope and Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, the story finds Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, and R2-D2 stranded on a mysterious planet, and explores a dangerous duel between Luke and a strange new villain.
Hidden in the story are also clues and hints about the upcoming film Star Wars: The Force Awakens, making this a must-listen for fans old and new!
Plunge into hyperspace with eleven action-packed "Star Wars" stories: Jedi Master Yoda has a lightsaber showdown with the dreaded Count Dooku, Luke Skywalker and the Rebels wage a battle against time to destroy the Death Star, and brave Rey finds a new friend in the droid BB-8.
A collection of twelve exciting adventures from the Star Wars saga: the evil Count Dooku pits Anakin, Padmé and Obi-Wan against deadly monsters in a huge arena; droids C-3PO and R2-D2 are stranded on the desert planet of Tatooine after a stormtrooper attack; Luke, Leia, Han and Chewie try to escape from the Death Star; Finn, Poe and BB-8 team up to help the Resistance; Rey faces off against Kylo Ren in a lightsaber battle and much more.
In Canto Bight, one is free to revel in excess, untouched from the problems of a galaxy once again descending into chaos and war.
From Anakin to Yoda, Count Dooku to Darth Maul, this exciting middle grade anthology will recount different explosive events from The Clone Wars from the points of view everyone’s favorite characters–with each character written by a different popular author.
An epic clash between the forces of light and dark, between the Galactic Republic and the Separatists, between brave heroes and brilliant villains, the fate of the galaxy is at stake in the Emmy Award-winning animated series, Star Wars: The Clone Wars.
All of your favorite characters from The Clone Wars are here: Anakin Skywalker, Yoda, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Ahsoka Tano, Captain Rex, Darth Maul, Count Dooku and more!
Experience Star Wars: A New Hope from a whole new point of view.
On May 25, 1977, the world was introduced to Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, C-3PO, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Darth Vader, and a galaxy full of possibilities.
The Empire Strikes Back through the eyes of a supporting character, from heroes and villains, to droids and creatures.
Beautifully illustrated, this unique treasury of in-world space tales takes readers to the far reaches of the Star Wars universe…including to the remote outer rim world of Batuu from Galaxy's Edge.
THE ETERNAL FIGHT BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL… The brave Jedi vs the devious Sith!
Just in time to celebrate the highly-anticipated re-match between Obi-Wan Kenobi and Darth Vader in forthcoming event Obi-Wan Kenobi, here are ten original stories about the valiant Jedi and the evil Sith.
Ten acclaimed authors imagine new tales for some of the most iconic Star Wars characters ever, from Luke Skywalker to Darth Vader, from Obi-Wan Kenobi to Darth Maul, and beyond, complete with beautiful spot illustrations.
The Star Wars saga begins!
Join Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Queen Amidala, and Yoda for one action-packed adventure after the next!
Ahsoka Tano, fan favorite character from Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels, will be the star of her own young adult novel.
Fans have long wondered what happened to Ahsoka after she left the Jedi Order near the end of the Clone Wars, and before she re-appeared as the mysterious Rebel operative Fulcrum in Rebels.
Following her experiences with the Jedi and the devastation of Order 66, Ahsoka is unsure she can be part of a larger whole ever again.
But her desire to fight the evils of the Empire and protect those who need it will lead her right to Bail Organa, and the Rebel Alliance....
Izzy and Jules were best friends until Izzy’s family abruptly left Batuu when she was six.
But now she’s back, and Jules, the boy who never left, is unsure what to make of her.
While on the run from vengeful smugglers and an angry pirate, Jules and Izzy will come to terms with who they are, and what they mean to each other.
Qi'ra listened to the dreams and promises of a boy with a reckless smile, only to be torn away from him and returned to the White Worms gang while Han made his way to freedom.
Now freedom seems like a luxury she can't afford while she concentrates on survival and despairs of ever leaving Corellia.
But her fortunes seem to turn when a representative of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn plucks Qi'ra from captivity and brings her to the syndicate's leader, the mysterious and mercurial Dryden Vos.
Vos offers Qi'ra an opportunity she's never had before: the chance to build something resembling a comfortable life if she can prove her worth to his organization.
With failure meaning certain death, Qi'ra knows she must immerse herself in the merciless, murderous world of Crimson Dawn.
Karr is a teenage boy like many others in the galaxy.
But Karr also has a secret: when he touches certain objects, he gets searing headaches and blacks out.
Karr's parents worry that he's sick; his grandmother is convinced the visions come from the Force.
But it's been years since anyone has heard from the last of the Jedi—Luke Skywalker.
Are there any Jedi left to guide Karr in the use of his abilities?
Is anyone even willing to talk about the Jedi and what happened to them, as their memory continues to fade and the First Order rises?
Stuck on his isolated home planet, Karr becomes a collector of historical artifacts, hoping to one day find an object that will give him a vision about the secrets of the Jedi.
Karr reaches his breaking point.
He needs to know what his destiny holds, and whether the Jedi are involved.
Accompanied by Maize, the blunt, unpredictable new girl at school with ties to the First Order, and RZ-7, Karr's solicitous droid companion, he sets off into the larger galaxy to find the truth.
His adventures will take him from Utapau to Jakku to Takodana and beyond as he learns more about the Jedi than he could have expected…and about his own place in the Force.
For light and life! One year after the fall of Starlight Beacon, the galaxy is in chaos.
An anarchistic group known as the Nihil has taken over a section of space now known as the Occlusion Zone.
Jedi Knight Vernestra Rwoh and scientist Avon Starros team up in an attempt to find a way through the Nihil Stormwall to save those on the other side.
But what are the Nihil's real plans?
And what of the nameless creatures that can destroy the Jedi Order?
Padawan Reath Silas is being sent from the cosmopolitan galactic capital of Coruscant to the undeveloped frontier:—and he couldn't be less happy about it.
He'd rather stay at the Jedi Temple, studying the archives.
But when the ship he's traveling on is knocked out of hyperspace in a galactic-wide disaster, Reath finds himself at the center of the action.
The Jedi and their traveling companions find refuge on what appears to be an abandoned space station.
After a series of staggering losses, the Republic seems to finally have the villainous Nihil marauders on the run, and it looks like there's light at the end of the tunnel.
Until word comes of a suspected Nihil attack on the industrial cosmopolitan world of Corellia, right in the Galactic Core.
Sent to investigate are Jedi Masters Cohmac Vitus and Kantam Sy, along with Padawans Reath Silas and Ram Jomaram, all fighting their own private battles after months of unrelenting danger.
On Corellia, Reath and Ram encounter a brazen young security specialist named Crash, whose friend was one of the victims of the Nihil attack, and they team up with her to infiltrate Corellia's elite while the Masters pursue more diplomatic avenues.
But going undercover with Crash is more dangerous than anyone expected, even as Ram pulls in his friend Zeen to help with an elaborate ruse involving a galactic pop star.
But what they uncover on Corellia turns out to be just one part of a greater plan, one that could lead the Jedi to their most stunning defeat yet....
Sylvestri Yarrow is on a streak of bad luck with no end of sight.
She's been doing her best to keep the family cargo business going after her mom's death, but between mounting debt and increasing attacks by the Nihil on unsuspecting ships, Syl is in danger of losing all she has left of her mother.
She heads to the galactic capital of Coruscant for help, but gets sidetracked when she's drawn into a squabble between two of the Republic's most powerful families over a patch of space on the frontier.
Tangled up in familial politics is the last place Syl wants to be, but the promise of a big payoff is enough to keep her interested.
Meanwhile, Jedi Knight Vernestra Rwoh has been summoned to Coruscant, but with no idea of why or by whom.
She and her Padawan Imri Cantaros arrive at the capital along with Jedi Master Cohmac Vitus and his Padawan, Reath Silas—and are asked to assist with the property dispute on the frontier.
The answer will lead Vernestra to a new understanding of her abilities, and take Syl back to the past...and to truths that will finally come out of the shadows.
Set in the world of the High Republic, 150 years before the storytelling of Phase I, an era of change brings new hopes and possibilities…but also new dangers.
The Outer Rim planet Dalna has become the focus of a Jedi investigation into a stolen Force artifact, and Zallah Macri and her Padawan, Kevmo Zink, arrive on the pastoral world to follow up on a possible connection to a Dalnan missionary group called the Path of the Open Hand.
Members of the Path believe that the Force must be free and should not be used by anyone, not even the Jedi.
One such believer is Marda Ro, a young woman who dreams of leaving Dalna to spread word of the Path throughout the galaxy.
When Marda and Kevmo meet, their connection is instantaneous and electric―until Marda discovers Kevmo is a Jedi.
But Kevmo is so kind and eager to learn more about the Path, that she hopes she can convince him of the rightness of her beliefs.
What Marda doesn't realize is that the leader of the Path, a charismatic woman known only as the Mother, has an agenda of her own, and it is one that can never coexist peacefully with the Jedi.
In order to follow her faith, Marda may have to choose to become her new friend's worst enemy….
This enthralling follow up to Path of Deceit finds cousins Marda and Yana Ro bound by blood but driven apart by faith.
Marda and Yana belong to the Path of the Open Hand, a group led by a charismatic woman called the Mother, which believes the Force must not be used by anyone.
While Marda joins a perilous expedition to Planet X in search of more mysterious creatures to use against the Jedi, Yana finds herself forming an unexpected alliance with the father of her dead lover in attempt to wrest the Path from the Mother's control.
Rejoin the adventures of the Jedi and Padawans, Pathfinders and Path members, heroes and villains ahead of the launch of Phase III.
It's been over a year since the fall of the Starlight Beacon space station, and both heroes and villains alike must face the consequences of their decisions.
When Jedi Knight Reath and Padawan Amadeo Azzazzo are sent on a mission to test their theories about the Nameless, they'll come face-to-face with the terrifying creatures once thought to be myth–and learn the true meaning of fear…fear that fallen Jedi Azlin Rell advised them to embrace if they have any hope of defeating the monsters.
It is Leia Organa's sixteenth birthday and she participates in the traditional ceremony where she declares her intention to one day take the throne of Alderaan.
When Leia decides to become involved herself in the fight against the Empire, whether her parents approve or not, she will have to prove to them that she is a valuable asset who must be allowed to take a stand, regardless of the risk to herself.
Her stand will also put her at odds with a pacifist young Alderaanian man who gives Leia her first kiss…and her first real loss.
Readers will experience these major moments through the eyes of two childhood friends–Ciena Ree and Thane Kyrell–who have grown up to become an Imperial officer and a Rebel pilot.
Set before the events of Solo: A Star Wars Story!
Han and Qi'ra don't have a lot in common other than not having a lot.
They're street kids on the industrial planet Corellia, doing whatever it takes to get by, dreaming of something more.
They each jump at a chance to prove themselves in the perilous world of Corellia's criminal underbelly, only to discover they are on the same mission for the same unscrupulous boss.
When the job goes disastrously wrong, Han and Qi'ra are on the run–from pirates, a droid crime syndicate, the Empire, and their boss–and will have to learn to trust each other if they are going to survive.
BEING A TEENAGER IS HARD ENOUGH WITHOUT ALSO TRAINING TO BE A JEDI….
Obi-Wan Kenobi has not been apprenticed long to Qui-Gon Jinn, and he is chafing at Qui-Gon's training style: all meditation, no action.
Obi-Wan yearns to prove himself on a mission, but when he and Qui-Gon are finally set to leave on an assignment, Qui-Gon is nowhere to be found.
Angered by his master's abandonment, Obi-Wan sets out on the mission alone, determined to prove himself.
On a mysterious planet he encounters a pack of feral, Force-wielding teens who seem to be the planet's only inhabitants.
As he experiences wild freedom with them and wonders if this isn't the life he was meant for, Obi-Wan can't escape the nagging sense that something is wrong with the Force there.
Growing attachments, startling revelations, and a looming threat to both the planet and his new friends will bring Obi-Wan face-to-face with his worst fear: that maybe he was never supposed to be a Jedi at all.
Can he connect with the living Force in time to save himself and everyone around him?
Poe Dameron has always wanted to fly.
His mother, Shara Bey, who was an A-wing pilot for the Rebellion against the Empire, was more than happy to show her son everything she knew about flying.
But she died an untimely death, and Poe was left alone with his father, Kes Dameron, who struggles with grief and a desire to keep his son safe.
Now sixteen, Poe wants nothing more than to leave his home on the quiet moon Yavin 4 to find adventure in the wider galaxy, while his father wants nothing more than for him to stay put.
So when a group of smugglers offers Poe a job piloting them off-world, it feels like an opportunity he can't refuse.
And by the time he finds out the smugglers are actually part of the fearsome criminal enterprise called the Spice Runners of Kijimi, Poe is already in deep.
His burgeoning friendship—and perhaps more—with one young Spice Runner, Zorii, is even more incentive for Poe to stick around.
A peace-loving senator faces a time of war in another thrilling Padmé Amidala adventure.
Padmé is adjusting to being a wartime senator during the Clone Wars.
Her secret husband, Anakin Skwyalker, is off fighting the war, and excels at being a wartime Jedi.
In contrast, when Padmé gets the opportunity to see the casualties on the war-torn front lines, she is horrified.
Meanwhile, with Padmé on a secret mission, her handmaiden Sabé steps into the role of Senator Amidala, something no handmaiden has done for an extended period of time.
While in the Senate, Sabé is equally horrified by the machinations that happen there.
She comes face to face with a gut-wrenching decision as she realizes that she cannot fight a war this way, not even for Padmé.
And Chancellor Palpatine hovers over it all, manipulating the players to his own ends.
When fourteen-year-old Padmé Naberrie wins the election for Queen of Naboo, she adopts the name Amidala and leaves her family to the rule from the royal palace.
Each girl is selected for her particular talents, but it will be up to Padmé to unite them as a group.
When Naboo is invaded by forces of the Trade Federation, Queen Amidala and her handmaidens will face the greatest test–of themselves, and of each other.
When Padmé Amidala steps down from her position as Queen of Naboo, she is ready to set aside her title and return to life out of the spotlight.
But to her surprise, the new queen asks Padmé to continue serving their people—this time in the Galactic Senate.
Padmé is unsure about the new role but cannot turn down the request, especially since, thanks to her dearest friend—and decoy—Sabé, she can be in two places at once.
So while Padmé plunges into politics, Sabé sets off on a mission dear to Padmé's heart.
On the glistening capital planet Coruscant, Padmé's new Senate colleagues regard her with curiosity—and with suspicion for her role in ousting the previous chancellor.
Posing as a merchant on Tatooine, Sabé has fewer resources than she thought and fewer options than she needs.
Together with Padmé's loyal handmaidens, Padmé and Sabé must navigate treacherous politics, adapt to constantly changing landscapes, and forge a new identity beyond the queen's shadow.
When Jyn Erso is eight years old, her mother is murdered and her father taken from her to serve the Empire.
Saw Gerrera, a man willing to go to any extremes necessary to resist Imperial tyranny, takes her in as his own daughter and gives her not only a home but all the abilities and resources she needs to become a rebel.
Jyn dedicates herself to the cause—and the man.
When she faces an unthinkable betrayal that shatters her world, Jyn will have to pull the pieces of herself back together and figure out what she truly believes in…and whom she can really trust.
When the parents of Milo and Lina Graf are abducted by agents of the evil Empire, the children must undertake a perilous journey across the unknown reaches of Wild Space to rescue them – and to discover hope for the future.
With their monkey-lizard, Morq, and their family droid, CR-8R, Milo and Lina fly their parents' starship, the Whisper Bird, to the remote planet of Thune to ask an old friend for help.
But the evil Captain Korda has set a trap for them! Will Milo and Lina be able to escape?
After narrowly escaping Captain Korda's evil clutches on Thune, Milo and Lina track the source of a rebel transmission to a remote jungle planet.
But they are unaware of the dangers lying in wait. Will Milo and Lina be able to find the help they need?
Still on the hunt for their kidnapped parents, Milo and Lina Graf head to Lothal in search of an ally.
Devious bounty hunter the shade is delivering the Graf children to Captain Korda when her ship is attacked by a mysterious species.
Milo and Lina must trust their fate to their fellow prisoners.
Milo and Lina Graf have picked up the trail of their kidnapped parents—but an ambush in the depths of Wild Space leaves them stranded on a desolate ice planet. 
Milo and Lina Graf, have located the mysterious Wild Space planet where their parents are being held by the evil Empire. 
With an entire legion of Imperial troops to contend with, can the young explorers at last succeed in THE RESCUE?
When Finn and Rey find themselves on the run, they must work together to escape from the evil First Order.
Rey never thought she would leave the desert planet of Jakku, but her life is turned upside down when she meets BB-8, a small droid with a big secret.
Like it or not, Rey is about to be caught up in something much larger than herself: a galactic war between the evil First Order and the fledgling Resistance.
But something is awakening inside of Rey, something that might turn the tides of fortune in the galaxy....
Feature the heroic Rey, Sabine Wren of Star Wars Rebels, Senator Padmé Amidala, rebel leader Princess Leia, Rogue One’s Jyn Erso, and Jedi apprentice Ahsoka Tano!
Includes introductions by Maz Kanata.
These two chapter books, based on the all-new animated micro-series spotlighting some of Star Wars’, feature three exciting stories apiece—the first, about rebel leader Princess Leia; the second, about the scavenger–turned–Resistance hero Rey!
Han Solo and Chewbacca have agreed to help the Rebellion once more.
Whether a princess or a general, Leia Organa is a force to be reckoned with!
Spanning the entire Star Wars saga, this exciting audio story introduces Padawans to the feats, talents, and triumphs of everyone's favorite princess.
Leia and her team of rebels must outwit the Empire, avoid perilous pirates, and escape from a volcanic island planet before it's too late!
When Luke Skywalker has to make an emergency landing on a strange planet, he is destined to discover a faithful friend, a formidable foe, and untold secrets of the Force.
A terrible war rages between the Rebel Alliance and the evil Galactic Empire.
With the completion of the Death Star, the Empire now has a weapon capable of vaporizing entire planets.
Join our heroes and beloved fan favorites as they race to take down the Empire before it’s too late in this audio adaptation of the original Star Wars: A New Hope.
Padmé Amidala, Anakin Skywalker, and Obi-Wan Kenobi must fight an endless army of battle droids.
If they are to succeed, they will need the help of the greatest Jedi master: Yoda.
Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker, and Han Solo take their final stand against Darth Vader and his evil forces.
Will Han ever escape from the clutches of Jabba the Hutt?
The lines between good and evil are blurred in Revenge of the Sith.
Join Padmé Amidala, Anakin Skywalker, and Obi-Wan Kenobi as they fulfill their destinies!
The Death Star has been destroyed, but the battle is far from over.
Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker, and the rest of the Rebel Alliance are on the run from the evil Imperial forces.
In this next chapter, they must battle giant space slugs, angry snow creatures, and Darth Vader.
Journey back in time, before Anakin Skywalker chose the dark side.
When we first meet Anakin, he is a young slave boy on the desert planet Tatooine.
Who will train him to become a Jedi?
Listen along as R2-D2 and C-3PO meet Luke Skywalker and embark on the adventure of a lifetime!
Set during the Clone Wars, after Quinlan Vos discovered intelligence about a new Separatist droid, Aayla Secura, Clone Commander Bly, and the 327th Star Corps are sent to the muddy planet of Escander, where the Separatists had a base.
After arriving to the planet, the droids attack them resulting on Bly being wounded, because of his injuries another clone trooper takes command of the unit.
Aayla orders the clone to stay put, and she goes alone to the Separatist base, after some long radio silence, the clone adventures into the base looking to find Secura.
During the search he arrives to the research lab where he finds evidence of Aayla's capture.
Eventually the clones discovers Aayla being interrogated by Asajj Ventress who reveals that they leaked the intelligence to lure and capture Jedi.
At the end, the clone distracts Ventress by activating the remaining droids and frees Aayla.
Some time after 32 BBY, the Boonta Eve Classic's popularity has fallen in favor of swoop dueling and air rallies.
Trying to increase their popularity again, Jabba the Hutt adds twisting dune pipes and reduces the race from three to two laps; also he puts Sebulba in charge of organizing the entire race.
A young pilot whose family crashed on Tatooine and can't afford to make repairs to their ship to leave, joins the race at the suggestion of Saleen, an Er'Kit mechanic.
While preparing the podracer, the pilot convinces Saleen to use a dangerous force field generator to ensure a victory in the race.
The day of the race, Sebulba unsuccessfully tries to dissuade the pilot from competing in the race.
Among the competitors are Haza, a Jawa, and AC-184, one of the first droids to compete.
During the race, the pilot ends up rescuing Haza from krayt dragons and realizes that Sebulba had sabotaged the entire race by placing mines, disabling podracers and placing a restraining bolt on AC-184.
Leaving Haza on command of the podracer, the pilot jumps out and confronts Sebulba to stop him from sabotaging the race further.
During the confrontation, Sebulba reveals to the pilot that Jabba had ordered him to sabotage the race to increase the public's interest in it.
Knowing that Sebulba can't be stopped, the pilot leaves and returns to Haza, who had won the race.
Haza and the pilot split the reward and the pilot informs Haza about the sabotage.
At the end, the pilot and the family leave Tatooine and Haza, knowing the secret, prepares to warn other racers about the sabotage so it won't continue. 
The Star Wars saga begins! Join Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Queen Amidala, and Yoda for one action-packed adventure after the next!
Join Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, and Princess Leia for one action-packed story after the next!
Relive all the classic moments-from Darth Vader's search for the Rebels' secret plans, to the Rebellion's triumph over the Empire, and every adventure in between.
This exciting audio story brings to life an epic clash between the Jedi Knights and their mysterious enemies, the Nihil. Burryaga, the Wookiee Padawan, and his fellow Jedi must save the day!
Another exciting audio adventure featuring heroic Jedi and their Padawans as they fight the nefarious villains the Nihil!
Meet the noble and wise Jedi of the High Republic!
When a disaster strikes in hyperspace, putting the people of Hetzal Prime in grave danger, only the Jedi of the High Republic can save the day!
They form one massive Star Wars image with the Death Star at the center.
Placed beside one another, they form one massive Star Wars image with the Death Star at the center.
Jahan Cross returns to his homeworld of Alderaan for a celebration hosted by Bail Organa in honor of the current Count Dooku.
But the situation turns deadly when an assassin kills the Count, and Cross finds himself working both sides of the intrigue!
All in a day's work for Jahan Cross, Agent of the Empire!
Thus begins a new assignment for Cross—one that will tear at his loyalties, strain his friendships, and bring him into close contact with his own estranged father. 
Imperial Agent Jahan Cross doesn't like his assignment or the politicians he is forced to work with.
Yet dealing with all of that is easier than coming to terms with his growing respect for a boy whose father he killed—especially when that boy is supposed to be merely a political pawn of the Empire.
When attackers kidnap the boy, Cross finds himself turning his back on his mission and putting his life on the line for a "pawn".
No job is too dangerous for an Agent of the Empire!
A young boy—the heir to the title of Count Dooku—is kidnapped, and it's Jahan Cross to the rescue!
When the kidnapper turns out to be a sexy female spy with whom Cross has worked before, and when her motives turn out to have the boy's welfare at heart, Cross is faced with a decision: should he disobey his own orders from the Empire?
The Imperial Navy has arrived and Agent Cross has been officially told to stand down from his mission overseeing the election of a regent for the young Duke of Serenno.
But Cross is not about to allow an innocent boy to be used as a disposable pawn—even if it serves the Empire's short-term goals.
Everyone—including Boba Fett—is after the young Count Dooku.
As Cross and the Count's loyal security guard attempt to whisk the boy to safety, they are surrounded by enemies! 
In the past, Cross had the power and authority of the Empire behind him.
The name's Cross.
Jahan Cross.
Cross's mission takes him and his assistant IN-GA 44 to the affluent Corporate Sector.
Undercover as a diplomatic attaché, Imperial agent Jahan Cross continues his investigation into the stolen droid technology and the mysterious project known as "Iron Eclipse".
At an elegant embassy soirée in the Corporate Sector, Cross locks his sights on the Stark family.
Framed for a murder he didn't commit, Imperial Agent Jahan Cross is on the run from Corporate Sector authorities, and uncovering the secrets behind the mysterious "Iron Eclipse" project—all without the assistance of his missing droid, IN-GA 44.
But Cross is not entirely without allies, because he knows these two smugglers with a very fast ship . . .
Han Solo and Chewbacca are depicted as possessing the Millennium Falcon.
This is in spite of the comic being dated by the interior to "three years before the Battle of Yavin".
Han Solo and Chewbacca first acquire the Millennium Falcon in Rebel Dawn, which is dated to 2-0 BBY by The Essential Reader's Companion.
Here begins a multigenerational tale of honor and redemption, starring two of the heaviest hitters in the Star Wars galaxy -- the father-and-clone team of Jango and Boba Fett!
Shortly before the start of the Clone Wars, Count Dooku sends Jango Fett on a mission that will affect the course of Boba Fett's life some twenty years later.
Jango Fett takes a job from Count Dooku, to kill a target on planet Atzerri.
The target has sensitive information about Count Dooku's operation on Kamino. 
After finding the target, Jango finds out that the target is a clone trooper who had left the Grand Army of the Republic. 
Then: Jango Fett, the most dangerous assassin/bounty hunter in the galaxy, never fails to get his man.
But Jango has never had a success that has affected him this way.
Now: Boba Fett has taken up his father's mantle and lived up to Jango's fearsome reputation.
Across the generations, and across the galaxy, if a Fett is on your trail, you've reached a dead end!
After killing the clone trooper, Jango Fett finds out that his target had a wife and a one-year-old child named Connor Freeman.
Many years later, Boba Fett takes a job to find Connor, who owns a lot of money to crime lord Tayand.
Boba finds out that his father had opened inheritance fund for Connor, and he had received small payments from him.
Boba finds Freeman and saves him from bounty hunters. 
Boba Fett has discovered that his father left a legacy to someone Boba has never heard of.
He manages to track down the man, but if he is to learn the reasons behind Jango's posthumous generosity, Boba Fett must first save the man from an army of bounty hunters who want the guy's head!
Boba Fett is on a mission to uphold his father's honor.
But when a bounty is paid, and the crime lord who issued it still refuses to call off his vendetta, Boba Fett's own sense of honor is offended.
Boba Fett is dead.
With the fall of Fett broadcast across the galaxy, someone rises to avenge him.
But who would care about the death of a man like Fett?
Bounty hunters aren't exactly known for their enduring, close friendships but even a man like Boba Fett has family... and now a Blood Tie demands blood.
Boba Fett is dead, and whoever hired the hit squad had better run—as fast and as far as possible!
A mysterious avenger is on the trail of Boba Fett's killers.
Connor Freeman—a clone relation to Fett—has been drawn into the whodunit.
Freeman, who feels like he could use some protection himself, has been recruited against his will to find and protect a particular bounty hunter on a distant world—in Mandalorian space!
Boba Fett's half-clone half brother Connor Freeman has stepped into a firefight!
Tasked with protecting Boba's former wife and daughter while Fett's killer is found, Connor finds himself up against a Devaronian hit-squad!
Meanwhile, as Darth Vader searches for the intruder who so explosively infiltrated the Imperial base on Blackfel, the intruder is setting up an elite stormtrooper platoon for a huge fall!!
The man behind the murder of Boba Fett has sent his army of mercenaries to kill Fett's ex-wife and child, and Boba's half-brother Connor Freeman.
Before the events of A New Hope, Darth Vader employed the galaxy's greatest bounty hunter on a search-and-retrieval mission: Boba Fett must discover and return to Vader a single small box, the contents of which could change the fate of the galaxy.
For such an important mission, Vader cannot rely on a single operative… nor can he allow that operative to walk away alive!
As Boba Fett hones in on his quarry, he is followed by Darth Vader's hired goons, but the Dark Lord trusts no one in this particular endeavor, nor does he expect any of them to walk away once the prize is his.
But Boba Fett knows the craft of tracking, and he also knows that if Vader wants something this badly, it must be very precious indeed!
Boba Fett has finally caught up to his quarry, but so have Darth Vader's mercenary cronies.
Stupid as they are, they're also cold-blooded killers, and they're not foolish enough to disobey the Dark Lord of the Sith.
But just in case they aren't good enough to take out the bounty hunter, Darth Vader himself arrives to complete the mission!
Boba Fett has dispatched Darth Vader's thugs with ease, but now the Dark Lord himself has arrived to claim the strange little box in Fett's possession.
Dark Lord or not, Fett isn't about to give up the prize.
She is Aurra Sing, the most feared bounty hunter that the Republic has ever seen.
Aurra has a talent for being in the right place at the right time, and an appetite for those places in the galaxy where chaos reigns and bounties are plentiful… and challenging!
In the year 27 BBY, Aurra Sing traveled to the Forest Moon of Endor to meet with a mysterious priestess from an Endor sect of the Order of the Ffib.
To ensure this bounty hunting mission was not a trap set up by the guild, Sing intimidated her employer with a dagger to the throat, even drawing a splash of red blood to be sure the priestess would not fight back.
She then agreed to hear the details of her mission - find and kill Reess Kairn, a fallen Twi'lek Jedi who had killed his wife, turned to piracy and most recently raided the Great Temple on the Ffib homeworld of Lorahns, killing four members of the priesthood.
Besides the significant threat of Kairn's Jedi training, the priestess explained, the main complication was his hiring of twin Shi'ido brothers as decoys.
These shapeshifters made such convincing impostors that Sing would have to kill them all to be sure Kairn was truly dead.
The first planet was Hoth, representing liquid (water).
Sing burst in, crushed several wampas in a cave-in, fatally wounded the pirate with her blaster pistol, and then escaped with her bounty, fleeing the remaining wampa with the help of a jetpack.
Soon, a Dragon Slug joined the chase, having been awakened by the cave-in.
Soon after, the target died and reverted to his Shi'ido form. 
Sing travelled to Tatooine next, which represented fire (heat).
She found a suitable sniper perch overlooking the streets of Mos Espa.
In the middle of remarking to herself that she loathes the place, she spotted a landspeeder with a potential Reess in the driver's seat and a young Wuher in the passenger's seat.
The bounty hunter arrived at the scene just as the man died, revealing another Shi'ido.
Bespin was the final planet on the datapad, representing sky (gasses and clouds).
Sing used an Airhook Speeder to attack her final target as he coached a team of Thranta rider acrobats.
After a brief skirmish, she took a direct blow to the head from a club but maneuvered the situation so that she fell onto another Thranta and kicked the rider off.
Sing expected this man to finally be Kairn, but was shocked to discover he was also a Shi'ido.
Sing discovered, was to return to Endor, which represented an additional type of matter: land.
There she found Kairn in his hut, packing his belongings.
Sing silently stood in the doorway as Kairn mused to himself about using the disguise to not only hide but also as a bizarre form of repentance.
This comic book follows Lando Calrissian, who visited the palace of Quaffug the Hutt on a diplomatic mission from the Rebel Alliance.
Upon visiting Quaffug, he found himself captured and sentenced to death; ostensibly because of a game of sabacc which Quaffug had accused Lando of cheating at.
For Quaffug's amusement, Lando was given time to escape, before numerous mercenaries were sent to kill him for sport.
In his journey he came across a friendly race of which he had never previously encountered, known as the Jokhalli.
Upon besting them at divot, Lando was able to rally the support of the Jokhalli, convincing them he would assist in the destruction of Quaffug and use them to capture his pursuers.
He then returned to Quaffug palace, with the Jokhalli and the mercenaries captured.
Lando convinced Quaffug to join the Alliance, frustrating the leader of the Jokhalli, who wanted Quaffug dead.
This sparked a battle between him and the Jokhalli leader which Lando won.
Subsiquently Lando left the palace of Quaffug, having successfully convinced Quaffug to join forces with the Alliance. 
Kir Kanos, the last surviving member of the Emperor's Royal Guard, is the most wanted man in the galaxy.
For Kanos, the answer is to disguise himself as one of the hunters.
From Star Wars: Crimson Empire, the untold tale of how Kir Kanos became bounty hunter Kenix Kil!
Each issue will feature several chapters, each illustrated by a different artist, featuring the greatest tales of Chewbacca, narrated by the characters who know him best!
This special first issue features stories narrated by Mallatobuck, Chewbacca's wife, and Attichitcuk, Chewbacca's father.
Later issues will feature Luke Skywalker, Lando Calrissian, Princess Leia, Han Solo (of course!), and many more!
Three more stories of Chewbacca's past unfold: an old Trandoshan slaver speaks of his nemesis with reverence and a hint of fear; a diminutive bounty hunter, the victim of betrayal, is saved by a massive, furred hand; a young Imperial cadet defies his commander and refuses to torture a Wookiee prisoner, setting the stage for one of the greatest partnerships the galaxy has ever seen!
Three more stories of Chewbacca's past unfold: Lando Calrissian and Chewbacca must fight for their lives in a corrupt Imperial arena!
Rogue Squadron pilot Wedge Antilles flies off to battle with a very furry, very angry, and very unwilling passenger! And Leia Organa Solo grows solemn with a story of her husband's lifelong friend.
The history of the galaxy's greatest Wookiee concludes with stories from those closest to him.
Luke Skywalker recounts the final moments of Chewbacca on the burning, heaving surface of Sernpidal, and marvels at his friend's sacrifice.
And Han Solo, his grief locked deep inside, tells a story of Chewbacca's heroic rescue of Han's daughter.
Luke and Leia embark on a scouting mission, are pursued by Imperial troops, and fall into the clutches of a bounty hunter whose real target is Han Solo!
Classic Star Wars features the adventures of everyone's favorite Rebels during the period between the first and second Star Wars films.
In this issue, Darth Vader plots new ways to trip up the Rebels, but a turncoat Admiral may thwart his plans.
Meanwhile, Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie make good their escape from a bounty hunter – only to run afoul of the Imperial fleet!
In this issue, Luke volunteers for an espionage mission aboard Darth Vader's new battleship – but can he trust the Imperial Admiral he meets there, who claims to be helping the Rebels?!
When Luke's spy mission in Imperial territory turns out to be a trap set by none other than Darth Vader, his only hope for escape is a beautiful thief named Tanith Shire.
After crash-landing their stolen Imperial ship, Luke and his new-found companion Tanith Shire are captured and enslaved by the Serpent Masters of Tanith's home planet.
Artoo and Threepio are out of commission and the Millennium Falcon is light-years away, leaving Luke to find his own means of escape – with nothing but his wit, his skill, and his trusty lightsaber at hand!
After his adventures with Tanith Shire and the Serpent Masters, Luke rejoins Leia on Kabal just as the planet falls under Imperial attack.
Luckily, Han and Chewie come to the rescue once again – that is, until a false homing beacon leads them into a trap of stellar proportions!
Leia, Luke, Han, and Chewie make it out of Doctor Arakkus' death trap by the skin of their teeth and head for home at long last, only to discover that Rebel headquarters is under Imperial attack!
Will they find safe haven with new allies on the water world of Aquaris, or will those allies turn out to be as dangerous as Darth Vader?
When our heroes stop off on the water planet Aquaris to meet with new Rebel allies, they find that at least one of those allies may be an Imperial spy.
Han and Leia both have plans to trap the traitor by using Luke's droids as bait–but their plans may go awry when Luke and Han wind up in the clutches of a deadly denizen of the deep!
Leia, Luke, Han, and Chewie finally make it back to Rebel headquarters in the Yavin system only to find it under attack by Imperial forces!
With the Millennium Falcon's help, the Rebels emerge victorious.
But even as they celebrate, the battle sparks some unexpected results – in the form of an ancient threat that lurks within the very heart of Yavin's moon!
Following the frightening threat of the Night Beast, Luke and inadvertent stowaway Threepio travel to the desert world of Aridus – ostensibly to ensure the continuation of the Rebel Alliance's weapons-smuggling operation there.
But Luke is more interested in checking out rumors of a mysterious stranger who's appeared on Aridus claiming to be... Ben Kenobi!
Luke Skywalker encounters a menacing Darth Vader at the Iron Tower on Aridus, and a new friend posing as an old one gives his life to save Luke and the natives of Aridus from Vader's treachery.
Meanwhile, a Rebel scheme for destroying Vader's private cruiser unfolds, with the legendary power gems of the Pirates of Iridium holding the key.
Han Solo and Chewbacca volunteer to retrieve the gem, but don't count on being thrown to the wolves in the bargain!
Out of the frying pan... just as Han Solo and Chewbacca manage to escape the wiles of Mystra and the arena of Raskar with the last of the legendary power gems... Luke and Threepio turn up missing.
They've in fact crash-landed on the ice planet Hoth, where they're rescued by a mysterious benefactor who has decidedly different plans for the pair than her father: he wants to off Luke and dismantle the loyal droid for scrap!
Our Rebel heroes seek help from the Mon Calamari in evacuating their Yavin base, but soon get embroiled in a mystery involving a distress beacon of unknown origin, scads of Imperial troopers, giant sea worms, an amphibian rescue, more giant sea worms, a droid or two, a few more scads of Imperial troopers, and just a bit more excitement than a 32-page color comic book has any right to provide.
With the help of their new allies, the Mon Calamari, the Rebels battle the monstrous sea worms of Daluuj.
Meanwhile, Darth Vader is cutting a swath of destruction toward the Rebel base on Yavin -- where Luke Skywalker and General Dodonna's son Vrad prepare for a suicide mission!
It's finally time for some honest-to-goodness "Star Wars," as Luke Skywalker and Vrad Dodonna head for a climactic showdown in space with Darth Vader.
Meanwhile, the rest of the Rebel Alliance struggles against time to evacuate Yavin Base for their new home on Hoth, as Darth Vader and the Imperial forces plan for a major strike on the Rebel moon.
Luke, however, suspects that Vrad is a traitor to the Rebel cause, which leads to an exciting confrontation – as well as a startling turn of events for one of our Rebel heroes.
As Luke leads the Rebel fleet on its escape to its new base on Hoth, the Rebels' new allies, the Mon Calamari, plan a diversion to help them escape an Imperial blockade.
But the Imperials soon realize that the Mon Calamari attacks are a diversion for the real Rebel escape, and they set off with the intent of destroying the Rebels once and for all.
Meanwhile, Han, Chewie, and C-3PO take off in the Millennium Falcon to find an alternate escape route to Hoth, but what they discover is a seemingly impassable route that would take them dangerously close to a gigantic stellar flare!
As the Rebels manage to escape the wrath of Darth Vader and the Imperials while escaping to Hoth, they discover that the Millennium Falcon didn't make it out of hyperspace.
Crippled by a malfunctioning navigation computer, Luke Skywalker and friends land on the nearest planet – a veritable tropical paradise – to make repairs.
Luke soon runs into a woman appearing to be Tanith Shire under attack from a carnivorous plant, and uses the Force to get out of a tight jam.
But what's Tanith Shire doing alone on this mysterious outlying planet?
The young Rebel is about to find out the real story behind "The Paradise Detour".
In the midst of a perilous "Paradise Detour," Luke continues his hunt for the missing S'ybll, while being pursued by what appears to be his old foe, the Night Beast.
Eventually, the mystery of the successive unexplained appearances of Tanith Shire, the Night Beast, and Ben Kenobi is solved... and as it turns out, S'ybll has some very sinister – and selfish – plans for the young Jedi.
Needless to say, Luke escapes S'ybll's clutches, after another Rebel rescue just in the nick of time.
He, along with our other Rebel heroes, finally arrive at the new Rebel base on Hoth, ready for "A New Beginning".
They're greeted there by a perturbed Princess Leia, who, before they can so much as look around, has another potentially dangerous mission for the unflappable Luke, Han, and Chewie.
And lest anyone forget, Han Solo's still got a bounty on his head – and there are plenty of opportunists who are dead-set on collecting.
Han and the Rebels' recent adventures throughout the galaxy have not gone completely unnoticed by those interested in taking advantage of the easy money.
Developments in our favorite far-away galaxy a long time ago are winding their way rapidly to the point at which the events of the movie The Empire Strikes Back begin – with the Rebels engaged in battle with Empire forces on the ice planet Hoth.
But before that, our Rebel heroes will have to face a regular rogues' gallery of Star Wars rapscallions and wretches – Darth Vader, Raskar, Skorr, and even that most nefarious of bounty hunters... Boba Fett!
Now, once again thrill to the adventures of Luke and Leia, the swashbuckling Han Solo and his trusted companion Chewbacca, the dastardly Darth Vader, and the faithful droids Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio -- just like those childhood memories you had when you stood in line for two hours to see the movie for the first time! 
Thrill to the adventures of Luke and Leia, the swashbuckling Han Solo and his trusted companion Chewbacca, the dastardly Darth Vader, and the faithful droids Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio.
A stormtrooper remembers a young woman on the planet Lurr, and he remembers how she died at his hands.
Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio search for Luke and Leia, but will their quest leave them dismantled on a decidedly anti-droid Gambler's World?
Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio continue their search for the kidnapped Luke and Leia on Gambler's World.
The two droids come up with some innovative plans to rescue their masters, but will they work against the scheming of Darth Vader and the mysterious Blackhole?
Having finally met up with the rebels of Vorzyd 5, Luke is selected to meet with the secret government contact who can help the Rebel Alliance defeat the Empire.
But as he follows the instructions on his way to meet the contact, he is closely monitored by Blackhole's personal cadre of stormtroopers!
Meanwhile, Princess Leia has been kidnapped by the gang of freelies, who want nothing to do with the Rebel Alliance, or the Empire, for that matter!
Luke Skywalker is ordered by Rebel Command to abandon a reconnaissance mission.
It seems that appearances of unscheduled transport capsules have coincided with the destruction of Rebel bases, and just such a capsule has landed—on Tatooine!
Luke must return to his home planet, now a bustling locus of trade and a hotbed of rebellion, to discover how the Empire is finding out about the hidden Rebel bases.
Princess Leia narrowly escapes an Imperial blockade and is forced to crash-land on a nearby planet... a planet that happens to be an Imperial labor colony!
What's worse, Leia is pressed into service by Lady Tarkin, the angry, bereaved wife of Grand Moff Tarkin, who died aboard the Death Star.
Now Leia has to find a way to escape from a colony riddled with Imperials, on a planet where a single misstep can kill!
A peaceful scientist has created a device capable of turning a planetary wasteland into a paradise, but the Empire has exactly the opposite in mind!
Luke Skywalker and Han Solo encounter the scientist's stowaway daughter on board the Millennium Falcon, and before they know it, they are swept along in a desperate race to catch up with the climate-altering spaceship, which has left a trail of damaged planets in its wake!
While delivering a cache of pre-Empire textbooks to an outlying system, Luke Skywalker encounters Imperial forces as they take an entire school hostage!
A young prodigy escapes, and he alone can offer the rallying cry that could save the children...and the Rebel Alliance as well!
Crucial components of the Rebel Alliance's X-wing fighters have been compromised by a neutral planet's desire for profits.
Some people in Tun Wala would sell the units to the Empire as soon as they'd sell them to the Rebellion!
Now Darth Vader is on his way to the planet to destroy the Rebels, and, neutral or not, the planet itself!
Boba Fett makes his first appearance ever in this issue of Classic Star Wars: The Early Adventures!
The galaxy's meanest bounty hunter made his debut in the Star Wars daily newspaper strips reprinted herein, featuring Luke and Han hunted on an icy tundra by the enigmatic masked man, Boba Fett!
The classic adaptation of the second Star Wars movie continues as Luke's Jedi training with Yoda progresses, and the Rebels' fight against the Empire takes a turn for the worse as Han Solo gets himself into a rather sticky situation.
Nestled up against the Core Worlds of the Empire, the Corporate Sector is a vast area of space ruled by robber barons, trading conglomerates, and star-spanning corporations, all loyal to the Empire.
Here, Imperial commerce rules, often backed by formidable private military forces. 
But the Corporate Sector also represents opportunity for those who are strong enough, brave enough, or foolhardy enough to try to carve a slice out for themselves.
In the Corporate Sector, bargaining savvy, a fast ship, and a good blaster are equally powerful tools.
Upon discovering that they need a special Waiver in order to operate the Millennium Falcon within the Corporate Sector without running afoul of the authorities, Han Solo and Chewbacca attempt to get in touch with Doc, an outlaw technician.
However, Doc's daughter Jessa informs them that Doc has vanished, presumably abducted.
Han works out a deal with Jessa: in exchange for the Waiver and upgrades to the Falcon, he and Chewbacca will help out in the effort to discover what happened to Doc and other enemies of the Corporate Sector Authority, the capitalistic and authoritarian organization that oversees the Corporate Sector. 
As part of this effort, Han and Chewbacca escort two droids, Bollux and Blue Max, to the planet Orron III, where they meet with Rekkon, the leader of the missing persons search.
Blue Max, a small computer probe hidden away in Bollux's chest cavity, is able to infiltrate the Authority's computer network and begin searching for the location of the abductees.
However, Rekkon's small group has been compromised by a traitor, and their activities are discovered.
During the group's attempt to escape the planet, Chewbacca is captured by Espos (Authority Security Police) and taken away. 
Han and the others manage to escape the planet aboard the Falcon.
During liftoff, the traitor shoots Rekkon and destroys the data that Blue Max gathered.
Before dying, however, Rekkon is able to leave the words "Stars' End, Mytus VII" scrawled on the Falcon's game table.
Han realizes that this must be the location of the Authority's covert prison facility. 
After unmasking and dealing with the traitor, Han and the remaining members of Rekkon's group fly to Stars' End. 
Masquerading as interstellar entertainers, they infiltrate the facility and rescue the kidnap victims, including Doc and Chewbacca.
Down on their luck after a botched smuggling run, Han Solo and Chewbacca resort to accepting a job offer from an anonymous employer.
However, after flying the Millennium Falcon to the planet Lur for the pickup, they discover that the cargo they're meant to be shipping is a load of slaves—something neither Han nor Chewbacca has any tolerance for. 
After dealing with the slavers' attempt to commandeer the Falcon, and still in dire need of funds, Han and Chewbacca head for the planet Bonadan, where the slavers' leader was meant to meet his contact for payment.
Instead of the contact, though, they cross paths with Fiolla, an assistant auditor-general with the Corporate Sector Authority.
She convinces Han that his only chance of getting paid now is to help her in tracking down the slaving ring. 
The slavers are watching Fiolla and are now keeping their eyes on Han and Chewbacca as well, forcing the two smugglers to split up.
Chewbacca takes the Falcon, while Han and Fiolla board a cruise liner.
The two parties make plans to meet on the planet Ammuud, to investigate the slavers' connection to one of the governing clans there. 
Han and Fiolla arrive on Ammuud and uncover the evidence Fiolla needs to implicate high-ranking Authority officials in the slaving ring.
Outwitting the Authority forces who have been sent by Fiolla's superior to detain them, Han and Chewbacca are able to collect their payment at last and depart the planet safely. 
To rescue his friend Chewbacca, Han Solo has infiltrated Stars' End, the secret prison where the Corporate Authority keeps its political prisoners.
Now the Rebels have to make their way out!
The Emperor and Darth Vader make the final preparations to destroy the Rebel Alliance once and for all. 
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi Knight, must rescue Han Solo, frozen in carbonite, from the palace of Jabba the Hutt. 
While Chewbacca is on leave to Kashyyyk, and Leia is meeting with some of the major players in the Alliance of Free Planets, Han is forced to go on a mission to a former Imperial prison planet, with Nien Nunb as his co-pilot on the Millennium Falcon.
When he gets there, he is surprised to see that his job is to escort a woman and her child to Vandelhelm to sort out problem with the Metalsmiths Guild supplying the Alliance with "ores and alloys and stuff".
Apparently, the current Guildmaster Orrk has allied himself with the Galactic Empire and was abashed when he found out that the royalty whom Han escorts is coming back.
Imperial Admiral Mordur has assured the Guildmaster that the "venerated ones" will die.
When the Millennium Falcon comes out of hyperspace, it has come out right in the middle of mined asteroid field.
 Moff Vordur was expecting a large Rebel cruiser.
On Vandelhelm, the group was greeted by the Guildmaster himself.
Han began criticizing the work of the guild. 
Orrk defends himself by saying how selflessly the metalsmiths work.
He also mentions that Han's passengers are the last descendants of the two families that initially founded the metal-rich planet. 
Han returns to the Millennium Falcon, only to find his co-pilot taken hostage by the Imperial stormtroopers.
Orrk has also taken the royals hostage, and has revealed his partnership with the Empire to Han.
The child jumps on Orrk's leg, throwing him off-balance.
Han uses the moment and shoots the stormtrooper holding Nien.
He tries to make a shot at Orrk, but can't because he might hit the royals.
So he jumps on Orrk.
Unfortunately for Han, the Guildmaster is of much heavier and stronger build, which results in Han dragging off the platform where the Millennium Falcon was held.
However, the woman has shot Orrk, and Han pulled him down, which resulted in his death.
Later, Han heard a familiar sound, which was a crackle on Chewbacca's rifle.
Nien Nunb has seen that, and shot them in time. 
The group goes to the Millennium Falcon.
At the same time, Admiral Mordur has entered the command codes for the drone barges filled with ore, and launches them to follow his lead ship, which he pilots to the Sun.
Eventually, Han and the Admiral fight each other on the command deck of the ship in Zero-G conditions.
Han wins, and tries to shut down the signal to drone barges.
When he thinks that all is already lost, that he, the Millennium Falcon, the crew and the barges are going to burn down in the sun, he hears Lando Calrissian's voice, who has arrived on a EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate.
He tractor-beamed the Millennium Falcon, and tells Han that he used the command code to take the barges in. 
Apparently, the royals knew the codes, but didn't tell Han about it.
The comic finishes as we see the kid hugging Han. 
Set in the time between Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith, this new series will focus on the legendary Clone Wars!
Some of your favorite Jedi: Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Master Yoda, Master Mace Windu, and others, will be joined by a few new faces as they fight to maintain the true spirit of the Republic.
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi have discovered the dastardly plot of Count Dooku—the entire population of the planet Kiros are in danger!
Along with fresh new Padawan Ahsoka Tano—Anakin and Obi-Wan have liberated the droid-occupied planet and halted its destruction, but the native Togruta people have disappeared.
Now, our Jedi must find the missing citizens, before Count Dooku can carry out his master plan!
Eighty million Togruta from the planet of Kiros have suddenly disappeared!
It's up to Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Togruta Padawan Ahsoka Tano to find the lost population.
A clue leads the Jedi to the Zygerria system: massive slave auctions have been held there in the past, and will be taking place again soon -- with the unfortunate Togruta on the auction block!
Anakin Skywalker goes undercover as a slave trader - and Ahsoka is his slave!
Fearing that the entire population of the planet Kiros may have been forced into slavery, the team has traveled to the Zygerria system to attend the first slave auction in years.
Anakin must work his charm on the Queen of Zygerria, while "slave" Ahsoka and "slave traders" Rex and Obi-Wan search for clues.
Anakin Skywalker has become a slave once again! But he's not just any slave - he's the personal pet of the beautiful Queen Miraj of Zygerria.
While attempting to prevent the Zygerrian auction of millions of Togruta people into slavery, Jedi Knights Anakin, Obi-Wan, and Padawan Ahsoka Tano have been thrown into slavery themselves!
In captivity, the Jedi have unearthed the supplier behind this newly revitalized slave trade - Count Dooku and the Separatists!
Anakin Skywalker, Ahsoka Tano, and a small band of clone troopers infiltrate the Zygerrians slaver home world, Kadavo.
The Zygerrians' head slaver threatens to kill all of the slaves unless Anakin and Ahsoka surrender.
Anakin does not surrender, but then the clones' leader, Commander Cody, informs Anakin that Separatist reinforcements have arrived.
The Separatists are led by Asajj Ventress.
Ventress makes her way down to the planet, despite the clones' blockade around the planet, but Cody and the clones are able to blast the vulture droids out of the sky, forcing Ventress to retreat.
Before Ventress is out of range, she blasts away the supports of the slave base, and the head guard is outraged and shocked to see that he has been betrayed by Ventress.
 Obi-Wan Kenobi and Captain Rex defeat the rest of the guards.
The Togruta then decide they need to learn how to defend themselves, and Rex shows them how to shoot back on Kiros after they have blown up the base. 
In the first part of a three-issue story, the Republic's air superiority on the world of Khorm is rendered moot by storms of unnatural origin.
Grounded, Jedi Kit Fisto and Plo Koon plan a daring assault mission with a squad of tougher-than-nails Republic Commandos.
But if going up against determined and dug-in Separatist forces wasn't enough, the Jedi must also contend with a glory-seeking young Republic officer in their midst, Captain Kendal Ozzel.
Faced with the worst storm in the ice-planet Khorm's history, Jedi Masters Plo Koon and Kit Fisto embark on an impossible mission—to destroy the Separatists' mountain fortress.
But their assignment has been made harder still by information divulged by a Republic captive—and the arrival of Asajj Ventress and her elite commando droids!
Jedi Plo Koon and Kit Fisto have successfully removed one of the obstacles holding back their mission to free the Khormai people.
If only they didn't have to deal with a cowardly Captain, who can't seem to keep out of trouble - and the Separatists' assassin, Asajj Ventress, who is on their trail!
Anakin Skywalker, Jedi Knight and hero of the Republic, is challenged by a fledgling hero of the Confederacy!
The Confederacy is being provided with newer and more advanced ships from a world that has claimed neutrality in the Clone Wars.
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi fly to Valahari to negotiate with the planet's rulers, but as events unfold, they find that diplomacy may have to give way to war!
Blamed for the death of a member of the royal family of Valahari, Anakin Skywalker is exiled to a remote outpost on Ryloth.
Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi infiltrates the royal family's castle searching for the truth - which leads him from an unexpected encounter to a deadly one!
Anakin Skywalker is recalled to active duty to deal with a Separatist pilot who has been wreaking havoc on the Republic's fleets.
But Anakin's chance to prove himself comes at a high price: the enemy ace is a friend.
The costs of war have never been higher, and even Obi-Wan Kenobi's desperate attempts to find a path to peace may come too late.
The last of Emperor Palpatine's clones has been destroyed by the Rebel Luke Skywalker and his allies, and control of the Empire is up for grabs.
A temporary ruling Council has formed behind the scenes to maintain order, but the Council itself is splintered—divided by the conflicting ambitions of its members.
Intrigue, deception, and betrayal are commonplace as those who would replace the Emperor pursue their goals.
One man, Carnor Jax, holds sway over the Council.
Jax's plan is actually much more ambitious than the Council members know: he seeks to position himself as a new Dark Lord—with the aid of the equally ambitious General Wessel—and eventually ascend to Palpatine's throne.
One other knows the Council's secrets—and Jax's ambitions.
On the planet Zaddja, far from the Empire, an Imperial task force of stormtroopers aboard the Destiny land to attack a lone settlement.
On the planet Phaeda, closer to the Empire but still relatively unimportant, a cloaked figure lands an common-looking freighter and bribes his way past spaceport security with no trouble at all.
The visitor finds his way to a local cantina, where numerous Imperial officers have gathered to discuss current events within the Empire.
Colonel Shev, a supporter of Carnor Jax, irritates another officer and attracts the attention of the cloaked visitor.
Meanwhile, aboard the Star Destroyer Emperor's Revenge, Carnor Jax discusses with General Wessel how imperative it is to find Kir Kanos.
The conversation reveals that Jax bribed Palpatine's physician to sabotage his remaining clones after the destruction of Byss.
Jax also learned of Kanos's survival after an encounter between the remaining Royal Guards and Luke Skywalker and an inexperienced Ysanna Jedi who failed to kill the guardsman who knew of Jax's treachery. 
Jax, who perceives himself to be the next Darth Vader—and, ultimately, Emperor—focuses all effort on killing Kir Kanos... 
Back on Phaeda, the local who assisted the visitor reveals his name to be Tem Markon and is a member of the local New Republic fighters.
Markon tells the visitor that the only combatants he had seen of such skill were either Jedi or Palpatine's Royal Guards.
As Markon leaves the visitor in a safehouse, the visitor ponders his situation: for he is Kir Kanos. 
Alone in the safehouse, Kanos recalls a particularly intense memory of his training on Yinchorr, when he and the other trainees were visited by Palpatine himself and Darth Vader. 
The two arrived while the trainees fought in The Squall, a combat arena precariously above a pit into which anyone who fell would die.
Palpatine and Vader arrived to meet and inspect the latest batch of trainees. 
Vader demands to meet the best among them, and Burr Danid is called forward.
In The Squall, Vader and Danid duel with - Vader without a lightsaber, though - and Danid holds his own for a time.
Ultimately, Vader severs Danid's right hand and kicks him into the pit to his death. 
On Phaeda, General Wessel responds to a report of one man killing dozens of stormtroopers and Imperial officers. 
Wessel suspects this incident could lead to Kanos.
Meanwhile, Kanos meets Markon again as well as Mirith Sinn, commander of the New Republic's presence on Phaeda, and her second-in-command, Sish Sadeet.
Realizing that Kanos is no friend of Jax and his forces, Mirith takes him to their hideout. 
Meanwhile, Colonel Xexus Shev is contacted by Carnor Jax, who informs Shev that he en route to Phaeda to investigate the slaughter of Imperials, believing it to be the handiwork of Kir Kanos.
Jax orders Shev not to take any action against the Rebels, but Shev receives intelligence from his informant, Tem Markon, concerning the whereabouts of the mysterious visitor, Kir Kanos.
Shev then deliberately orders an attack on the New Republic base in direct defiance of Jax's orders. 
When Mirith returns to the base with Kanos, there is resistance from her lieutenants, such as Massimo, who argue that he may be an Imperial spy.
Mirith speaks with Kanos, and recognizes a scar across as his face as being a distinctive lightsaber scar. 
As Kanos listens to Mirith spar with Massimo concerning the safety of allowing Kanos to enter the compound, he recalls another memory. 
Kanos's final test before becoming a full-fledge Royal Guard was to battle to the death with his friend and classmate, Lemmet Tauk, before the Emperor.
Kanos won, impaling Tauk on the end of his blade.
Kanos mourned the loss of his friend, but was told off by Darth Vader, who sliced Kanos's helmet with his lightsaber - giving him the scar - and reminding Kanos that he ought never to underestimate the power of the dark side. 
However, Kanos is shaken out of his reverie and the New Republic forces panic as Colonel Shev begins his attack on their hidden base... 
The New Republic forces on Phaeda are under attack by Colonel Xexus Shev! 
An assault force of AT-ST's, Juggernauts, TIE crawlers, and TIE Interceptors bears down against the limited defenses of the Rebels.
Although they put up a vicious fight, their mysterious visitor proves to be an unimaginably deadly warrior - Kir Kanos single-handedly slaughters the Imperial forces.
After killing dozens of stormtroopers, Kanos takes down a TIE Interceptor with a single blaster bolt to save the lives of Mirith Sinn and Sish Sadeet.
In the face of disaster, Shev orders an emergency retreat, disgraced at failure and terrified by the consequences of disobeying Carnor Jax. 
Following the battle, Kanos shares with Mirith the events that transpired that brought him to Phaeda. 
Following the death of the cloned Emperor, the surviving Guardsmen gathered on Yinchorr to decide on a course of action.
Only a handful of Royal Guards were alive, most having been killed on Byss when it was destroyed by the Galaxy Gun or aboard Eclipse II. 
A number of survivors were also killed by Luke Skywalker and Rayf Ysanna.
However, one guardsman survived the encounter with Skywalker and learned about the intrigue surrounding the Interim Ruling Council - including Carnor Jax's scheme to become Emperor and the sabotage of Palpatine's clones by his physician.
On the tenth day of their mourning, the survivor reached Yinchorr and informed his comrades of what he had learned.
Then and there, the guardsmen swore to avenge their Emperor and kill the traitor Carnor Jax.
Moments later, Imperial forces loyal to Jax attacked them. 
Jax had not only seen to the death of Palpatine, but to all those loyal to him as well, including the Royal Guards.
Although the guards were nearly unparalleled in combat skill, the sheer number of stormtroopers overwhelmed them and all but two were killed, leaving only Kir Kanos and Kile Hannad.
They both knew that only one of them could survive so that the other might live to eventually kill Jax. 
With the flip of a coin, it was decided that Kanos would be the one to live. 
Kanos eventually found himself wandering the galaxy, contemplating and planning on how to kill Jax.
Kanos decided he needed to lay low once he realized that Jax was hunting him just as eagerly, first on Zaddja and then on Phaeda.
Following the discussion between Mirith and Kanos, the New Republic forces are moved into the mountain base at Collo Fauale, fearing a second Imperial attack. 
In the Imperial base, Colonel Shev is in a panic because he understands the consequences for having deliberately disobeyed Jax.
However, an intelligence report concerning a recently-landed freighter revives his hope that he will be able to capture Kanos.
Meanwhile, Jax is en route to Phaeda aboard the Emperor's Revenge, and swears that if Shev has compromised the capture of Kanos, he will crush Shev... 
Mirith Sinn and the New Republic forces on Phaeda are preparing to move to Collo Fauale following the Imperial attack by Colonel Xexus Shev.
However, Sinn and Sish Sadeet both come to acknowledge that Kir Kanos could not have been involved in the attack based on how well and how ferociously he fought the stormtroopers.
Sinn and Sadeet determine that there must be a traitor within their ranks.
 Tem Merkon appears and informs them that he will be returning to the city to keep an eye on Shev's forces.
Sadeet suspects that Merkon may not be as trustworthy as they have all thought thus far. 
Meanwhile, Carnor Jax has arrived at Phaeda and lands aboard his shuttle from the Emperor's Revenge.
Jax was accompanied by his private contingent of shadow stormtroopers.
As Jax discusses his plan to capture Kanos with his officers, among those present General Wessel and Geff Blim, none other than Tem Merkon appears to divulge knowledge. 
Upon Merkon's return to the New Republic base, Sinn and Sadeet confront him, now fully-aware of Merkon's betrayal.
Merkon offered to share Jax's bounty with Sinn and Sadeet, who refused.
Realizing the danger he was now in, Merkon attempted to flee but was intercepted and killed by Lieutenant Massimo.
Based on the intelligence given to Jax by Merkon, a squad of stormtroopers stake out Kanos' ship in the spaceport. 
Much to the dismay of General Wessel, the cloaked figure was not Kanos, but Mirith Sinn in disguise.
Jax, however, used the situation to his advantage and tortures her for information regarding Kanos. 
When Jax resumes torturing Sinn, the Star Destroyer Steadfast has arrived in orbit to join Emperor's Revenge.
When Sinn continues not to divulge anything regarding Kanos, Jax orders an orbital bombardment of Collo Fauale, the location given by Merkon.
Hoping to spare her comrades, Sinn tells Jax that Kanos has gone to the spaceport in Chinesti.
Jax, however, sees her lie through the Force and slaps Sinn.
Sinn then tells Jax that Kanos has gone to Yinchorr – which was true.
Jax orders the Steadfast to continue firing on Phaeda and prepares to depart for Yinchorr.
True to word, Jax allows Sinn to escape alive. 
As Sinn returned to the base, Sadeet met her and knocked out a Kubaz spy sent by Jax to follow her.
Sadeet also said that the base at Collo Fauale might be saved by a surprise for the Imperials.
Soon thereafter, Jax leaves the Phaeda system, leaving orders for Commander Vivant to reduce Collo Fauale to a "crater".
Immediately after Jax's departure, a squadron of starfighters emerges from hyperspace: E-wings and B-wings representing the latest iteration of the New Republic's most elite squadron - Rogue Squadron. 
Rogue Squadron arrives at Phaeda to aid the New Republic forces after surviving an attack by Colonel Shev and orbital bombardment by Carnor Jax.
Despite being outnumbered and outgunned, the Rogues manage to penetrate the defenses of the Star Destroyer Steadfast, commanded by Commander Vivant.
Stunned by the show of force demonstrated by the New Republic, Vivant proceeds to order reinforcements when they face the ultimate incentive to surrender: General Wedge Antilles commanding the Lusankya.
Meanwhile on Phaeda, Mirith Sinn and Sish Sadeet escape aboard Kir Kanos's ship, which turns out to be built around a Skipray Blastboat, which they use to return to the Lusankya. 
At this same time, Carnor Jax has arrived at Yinchorr aboard the Emperor's Revenge to discover a Scimitar assault bomber in orbit.
General Wessel orders the bomber captured via tractor beam, but Jax unhesitatingly makes his way to his personal shuttle, much to the consternation of Wessel.
In the docking bay, Wessel orders the bomber burned open, only to discover a New Republic mess hall droid - and a shocking number of explosives.
Expecting as much, Jax is well away when they go off, destroying the massive warship. 
Landing on Yinchorr, Jax orders his cadre of elite Blackhole stormtroopers to scour the ruins for Kanos.
As the stormtroopers search for Kanos, they are killed one by one by the unseen Kanos.
Soon enough, the last of Jax's soldiers is dead, another body added to Kanos's pile. 
Aboard the Lusankya, Mirith Sinn requests permission from General Antilles to follow Kanos to Yinchorr aboard her commandeered blastboat.
Upon her arrival at Yinchorr with Sadeet, they discover the ruins of the Emperor's Revenge and absently question whether it is Kanos or Jax who may truly be in need of assistance. 
On the surface, on The Squall, Kir Kanos and Carnor Jax meet once again to fight for the last time. 
Carnor Jax and Kir Kanos have met once again - for the final time - on The Squall on Yinchorr.
Jax demonstrates his newfound knowledge of the Force to throw a rock into his opponent's helmet, dazing him for a moment. 
Meanwhile, Mirith Sinn and Sish Sadeet appear aboard Kanos's Skipray Blastboat and destroy Jax's shuttle.
Jax's sycophantic right-hand man, Blim, has also taken up a sniping position on a bluff overlooking The Squall.
Sadeet notices a brief flicker of light from Blim's location and proceeds to investigate.
Sadeet discovers Blim and shoots him at point-blank range. 
The sound of the shot reaches Kanos and Jax below, and Kanos realizes what Jax had set up.
Jax gains the upper hand and Kanos falls over the edge of the platform, barely hanging on by one hand.
Before he making the killing move, Jax is stopped by the arrival of Sinn and Sadeet, holding him in the sights of their weapons and demand he surrender as a live prisoner.
Jax expresses his regret at not killing Sinn earlier and leaves Kanos to kill them.
Both Sinn and Sadeet are injured, but the distraction has allowed Kanos to clamber back onto the platform and impale Jax on his blade.
Shocked, Jax reminds Kanos that his friends wanted him alive. 
Kanos said they were not his friends. 
Thus die all traitors, Kanos proclaims over Jax's dying form. 
Still wanting Jax alive, Sadeet rushes Kanos before he can deliver the killing blow but is killed himself when Kanos reacts too fast to see, impaling Sadeet.
Kanos removes Jax's helmet and leaves him for dead.
Sinn, distraught over the sudden death of Sadeet, demands why Kanos did not return their help.
As Kanos left, Sinn asked him who he would fight now that Jax was dead. 
Lieutenant Massimo arrived on Phaeda soon after Kanos's departure, whereupon he discovered Sinn finishing Sadeet's grave. 
When Massimo asked where Kanos has gone, Sinn replied that he is simply gone.
Sinn also swears to find Kanos, and kill him once she does... 
As the death toll rises, so do the stakes for the future of the Empire.
Who is committing these assassinations of Interim Council members and who within the Empire has the most to gain?
Why has Mirith Sinn abandoned the New Republic to fulfill a personal vendetta?
And how does Kir Kanos fit into this jigsaw puzzle of intrigue?
Star Wars: Crimson Empire, the story of the last Imperial Guardsman, returns after over a decade of anticipation!
The reach of the New Republic is expanding, but the days of fighting for the galaxy have not ended.
A threat against Princess Leia and Han Solo's family disrupts usual business on Coruscant—and Luke Skywalker's Jedi training on Yavin 4!
In another part of the galaxy, a former Imperial Guardsman turned bounty hunter, Kir Kanos, is ready to settle an old score after three years in hiding—if a new adversary doesn't kill him first!
Kir Kanos strikes back at the Empire!
Kidnapped and dragooned into a hard-liner Imperial plot, Kir Kanos, the last surviving member of Emperor Palpatine's Royal Guard, has had enough!
He goes to war with one Imperial faction, even as Leia Organa Solo receives an invitation to meet with emissaries from another.
Treachery layered on treachery is revealed and Kanos answers it the only way he knows how - with violence!
Kir Kanos made a theatrical arrival on the New Republic capital Coruscant, landing in a hangar of the Imperial Palace escorted by a squadron of A-wings and still wearing his Royal Guard armor.
He requested to speak to Mirith Sinn, now Chief of Security of the Palace but he was immdiatly arrested by the guards and imprisoned.
He later met Sinn who accepted to introduce him to Chief of State Leia Organa Solo and her brother, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. 
The former Royal Guard revealved them Devian's plot against the New Republic and, despite their doubts, accepted to trust him, especially because Skywalker didn't sense treason in him.
But Kanos ignored that his escape was part of Devian's plan.
The shuttle stolen in the Restored Empire base was in fact containing the zinethium ready to detonate.
The New Republic technicians who inspected the ship reported some radiations but didn't realize the threat.
Thanks to Kanos's information, Luke Skywalker quickly understood the gravity of the situation.
The Jedi managed to evacuate in an escape pod just before the zinethium exploded. 
Six years after Return of the Jedi, the Rebel Alliance has established a New Republic over three-fourths of the galaxy.
The surviving Imperial Forces are torn by civil war and harassed by rebel attacks.
One of these raids ends in disaster: Luke Skywalker and Lando Calrissian are shot down over the former Imperial City.
When news reaches Han Solo and Leia Organa, they rush to the rescue… (along with Wookiee Chewbacca and droid C-3PO, of course!).
But there's something else rushing toward the Imperial City… something that wants Luke.
Danger stalks the Rebels in the form of the massive World Devastators, dark side machines that destroy everything in their path.
Their current target is the planet Calimari, which will be destroyed unless Lando Calrissian and the Rebel forces can reach it in time.
Meanwhile, Luke meets the face behind the Force storm, a familiar face, while Leia feels Luke being torn away.
A war for the planet Calamari erupts over that planet's surface, already threatened by the massive World Destroyers.
While Lando and Wedge take on the Imperial stormtroopers, Leia is tormented by visions of Luke being sucked into the darkness.
Meanwhile, it seems that Han has run into some "old friends"!
Betrayed by their friends and pursued by everyone's favorite bounty hunter, Han and Leia try to escape from Nar Shaddaa.
Meanwhile, the Rebels in combat over the planet Calamari receive aid from an unexpected source, and Luke falls deeper into the grip of the Dark Side!
Captured by the Emperor, Leia discovers that he holds hostage an even greater treasure: a mysterious and intelligent artifact called the Jedi Holocron.
With both the Holocron and Luke Skywalker under his control, there's no limit to what the Emperor can do!
Written by Tom Veitch, with painted art by Cam Kennedy and painted cover by Dave Dorman. Don't miss out on the hottest series this side of Tatooine!
Left behind on Byss, Luke travels with the newly-powerful Emperor Palpatine to capture his sister Leia.
Meanwhile, the Jedi Holocron delivers a thousand-year-old prophecy to Leia, which tells of her battle against the young Emperor!
And as the Battle of Calamari rages over the waters of that world and the Mon Calamari Rebels wonder when their savior Luke will shut down the killing machines, a battle begins above them that overshadows the outcome of their more conventional war.
Luke Skywalker's bold attempt to learn the dark-side secrets of Emperor Palpatine nearly ended in disaster for Luke and for the Rebel Alliance.
But thanks to Luke's Jedi sister Leia Organa Solo, Han Solo, and other good friends, Luke was rescued and the Empire's terrible World Devastator weapons were destroyed.
In a final confrontation with the Emperor himself, Luke and Leia joined together as Jedi in the Force. Enveloped in light, the Emperor fell victim to his own cataclysmic dark-side energy!
Following the disappearance of their Emperor, the Imperial elite, under the command of Darkside Executor Sedriss, initiated a series of assaults against the world in proximity to the Galactic Core.
Luke Skywalker, in the meantime, had found clues in the Jedi Holocron which made him believe that some Jedi Knights might have survived Darth Vader's program of extermination.
Near the Cron Drift, in the derelict space city Nespis VIII, Luke discovered the fallen Jedi Kam Solusar.
With great difficulty, Luke managed to free Solusar from the dark side.
In gratitude, Solusar agreed to join Luke in reviving the ancient company of Jedi Knights.
As Luke returns to Pinnacle Base, Darkside Executor Sedriss is going forward with Operation Shadow Hand.
Sedriss and his men are preparing to deliver the Empire's discipline to a renegade manufacturing world at the fringes of the Galactic Core.
The Empire in retreat, Luke Skywalker has begun a quest to rebuild the Jedi.
Although dead, the Emperor's presence still haunts him, and Luke still feels the taint of the dark side from his time as the Emperor's thrall.
The dark shadow of Palpatine seems to creep across the galaxy once again, and the Empire awaits his return.
Enslaving a weapons factory to design a device more deadly than the Death Star, the Empire sets its plans in motion—to destroy the New Republic once and for all!
Luke Skywalker has returned to Pinnacle Base with Kam Solusar, a Jedi knight he rescued from the dark side of the Force and whose father, Ranik, was murdered by Darth Vader.
Meanwhile, in a dreaded turn of events, Emperor Palpatine has again taken a youthful clone body and renewed the determination of Military Executor Sedriss and his elite Darkside Warriors.
Unaware of the Emperor's return, the leaders of the Rebel Alliance gather to hear a daring strategy: Lando Calrissian and Wedge Antilles will intercept a cargo of Imperial war droids and use them to attack the Emperor's citadel on Byss.
Luke Skywalker disagrees with the plan, but Mon Mothma overrides him and encourages Luke and Leia to continue their search for lost Jedi.
As Mon Mothma says, "It is now clear that the future of the New Republic depends on the revival of the Jedi knights".
Luke and Kam Solusar plan to investigate the planet Ossus, an ancient center of Jedi culture.
Leia, pregnant with her third child, will journey with Han Solo to New Alderaan to be with their twin children.
En route, they will visit Nar Shaddaa in hopes of finding Vima-Da-Boda, the old woman who gave Leia an ancient Jedi lightsaber.
Every bounty hunter on Nar Shaddaa is looking to bag the head of the infamous Han Solo, but Boba Fett is determined to take home the trophy.
And while they're busy tracking Solo, he's trying to track down an old Jedi woman, perhaps the last hope of the New Republic.
Can Solo keep one step ahead of the galaxy's most cutthroat gunmen and find the ancient Jedi?
Jedi Princess Leia, pregnant with her third child, journeys with Han Solo and Chewbacca to the spaceport moon of Nar Shaddaa, where Leia hopes to find the old Jedi woman, Vima-da-Boda.
Arriving in the ancient spaceport, Leia and Han are stalked by bounty hunters, Gank killers, and warriors from the Emperor's new Darkside Elite.
After a vicious confrontation with the Ganks, Leia and Han succeed in finding Vima in the deepest levels of the city.
But Boba Fett follows them, resulting in a clash which ends when Chewbacca rips off Fett's helmet and ignites his jet pack, sending Boba Fett blasting into the darkness.
Safely aboard the ''Millennium Falcon'', Leia, Han, and Chewbacca attempt to take Vima-da-Boda [sic] away from Nar Shaddaa, but the ''Falcon'' is caught in a tractor beam by an Imperial Star Destroyer.
In a test of wits, Han Solo tricks the Commander of the Star Destroyer into impaling his ship on a city pylon. 
Leia, Han, and Chewbacca are not the only Rebels on a quest.
In another part of the galaxy, Luke Skywalker and Jedi Knight Kam Solusar are on their way to the planet Ossus, an ancient Jedi stronghold, to hunt for Jedi artifacts...
And Han Solo's old friends Salla Zend and Shug Ninx are returning to Byss, the Emperor's throneworld, in hope of recovering Salla's ship, the ''Starlight Intruder''.
Luke is racing to the far side of the galaxy to obtain a Jedi Holocron rumored to be on the planet Ossus.
The power and knowledge that ancient device holds could give him just the edge he needs to defeat the evil Empire!
But the Emperor has heard these rumors, too, and has sent a platoon of battle-hungry Dark Siders to bring the Holocron back to him.
Fire up the lightsaber, Luke!
Learning that Luke Skywalker and Kam Solusar are on the ancient Jedi planet Ossus, Emperor Palpatine orders his Darkside Executor Sedriss to bring back the two Jedi – alive.
Meanwhile, amidst the ruins of Ossus, Luke and Kam find a young man and woman tied to an ancient tree.
Luke senses the two youths – whose names are Jem and Rayf – are potential Jedi.
When Luke frees them, he incurs the wrath of their tribe, the Ysanna.
But when Sedriss and his shocktroopers attack, the Ysanna warriors help the Jedi defeat the Imperial darksiders.
In a desperate attempt to save himself, Sedriss takes the young woman Jem Ysanna captive.
Unexpectedly, Sedriss confronts a new adversary – the withered old "tree" is in fact an intelligent being – Master Ood Bnar, a 5000-year-old Neti Jedi!
Awakening now from a thousand-year sleep, Master Ood engages Sedriss in a great Force-battle.
The encounter ends disastrously when Master Ood draws down a massive charge of energy that destroys them both!
Examining the place where the departed Jedi stood, Rayf Ysanna discovers Jedi treasure hidden under Master Ood's roots – a trove of long-forgotten lightsabers!
n the fourth chapter of this epic series, Luke Skywalker discovers an ancient, powerful Jedi relic among the ruins of the planet Ossus.
Elsewhere, across the Galaxy, Rebel commandos led by Lando Calrissian and Wedge Antilles set into motion a dangerous plan to strike at the heart of the Empire!
The Emperor's Darksiders are hot on Luke's tail, and he must battle for his life before he can battle for the galaxy!
Meanwhile, in another part of the galaxy, Lando Calrissian and a team of Rebel commandos take the fight to the enemy camp.
Hidden within a shipment of War Droids spacebound for the Emperor's throneworld, they're going to take down the Empire or go down themselves! It's kamikazee-fighting, Calrissian style!
On the ancient Jedi planet Ossus, Luke Skywalker, Kam Solusar, and the young Ysanna warriors Jem and Rayf explore an ancient library.
Luke finds a book on ancient Jedi Battle Meditation, a subject spoken of by Obi-Wan Kenobi, about which Luke has learned little.
Luke asks the Ysanna tribe to join him and become Jedi Knights. 
The chiefs refuse, but they allow both Jem and Rayf to leave Ossus with Luke – as his Jedi apprentices.
Elsewhere, as the ''Millenium'' [sic] ''Falcon'' departs Nar Shaddaa, Boba Fett's ''Slave I'' appears out of nowhere, catching the ''Falcon'' with its shields down.
Fett's firepower finds its mark, and the seriously damaged ''Falcon'' careens into a radioactive, interstellar gas cloud.
Emerging on the other side of the gas cloud, Han, Leia, and Chewbacca behold an unexpected sight: a massive, antique, steam-powered spacecraft.
Their ruler is a Jedi, Empatojayos Brand, who has hidden here for decades from the wrath of the Empire.
Jedi Brand, who suffered terrible loss of limb in a battle with Darth Vader, wears complex life-support systems and high-tech prosthetics of his own design.
Brand is overjoyed to meet Leia and Vima Da-Boda... and to learn of Luke Skywalker's plan to restore the Jedi Knights.
On Byss, Lando Calrissian's commando teams direct their powerful Viper Automadon war droids against the Emperor's citadel.
But they are about to confront a new adversary from the Emperor's arsenal of dark-side surprises.
Lando Calrissian's X-1 Viper War Droids have painted a target on the Emperor's citadel, but an army of monstrous creatures are making it their own mission to stop the New Republic fighters.
Meanwhile, on the world of Ganath, Han Solo has to equip his damaged Millennium Falcon with antique weaponry.
Will it be enough to escape from Boba Fett?
As Lando Calrissian's Viper Automadon war droids attack the Emperor's citadel on Byss, they are met by an army of monstrous creatures bent on destruction.
They war droids are no match for the Emperor's dark-side monsters, and soon the Rebels are pinned down amidst the ruins of their attack.
But Salla Zend and Shug Ninx pull together a group of smugglers to come to the aid of the Rebels.
Manning fast-armed freighters, the spacers hold the dark-side beasts at bay long enough for Lando's crew to scramble aboard.
Across the galaxy, Luke Skywalker, Kam Solusar, and the young Jedi Knights Jem and Rayf Ysanna head for the Alliance command base on the pinnacled fifth moon of Da Soocha.
As Luke's ship, the ''Jedi Explorer'', emerges from hyperspace, a light-speed torpedo fired from the Emperor's new Galaxy Weapon emerges near them, heading straight for Pinnacle Base.
Guessing the projectile's purpose, Luke tries to shoot it down – but the torpedo's shields hold and it strikes the Rebel moon with a planet-shattering blast.
Elsewhere, the ''Millenium'' ''Falcon'', repaired by antique Ganathan technology, arrives at a tiny settlement on exotic New Alderaan.
There, Han and Leia's twin children, Jacen and Jaina, have been secreted since birth from the prying eyes of the Emperor...
Han Solo and Princess Leia have taken refuge with their twins on the planet New Alderaan.
But refuge, it seems, eludes the family when Emperor Palpatine and an AT-AT battalion come hunting for Rebel officers.
Worry not, Leia!
The Empire is dying, perhaps in its final throes.
The ruthless warlord Grand Admiral Thrawn may have found just the firepower needed to take a bite out of the New Republic: Some two hundred Dreadnaught heavy cruisers, lost to hyperspace in the days of the Old Republic. Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewbacca may be up against more than they bargained for, but it's not the first time the odds have been stacked against them! 
With Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda both dead, Luke Skywalker is in need of a new Jedi mentor -- and he finds one in C'Baoth.
Risen from the ashes of a shrouded past, C'Baoth may prove to be just the teacher Luke needs to deliver the final blow to Grand Admiral Thrawn's ailing Empire.
Risen from the ashes of a shrouded past, the Jedi Master C'Baoth teaches Luke Skywalker new ways to use the Force, ways which allow him to control others.
Ways commonly used on the dark side of the Force. 
Luke's new mentor, Jedi Master C'Baoth, is teaching him new ways to use the Force, ways that seem . . . inappropriate.
But ways that may become necessary in light of the fact that Grand Admiral Thrawn has taken command of the remnants of the Imperial fleet. 
The Katana fleet, almost two hundred Dreadnaught heavy cruisers, were lost to hyperspace in the days of the Old Republic.
Now the Empire wants the cruisers so they can regain power. 
And Talon Karrde is the only man who knows where to find the lost fleet, which could either be an invitation to fortune . . . or a bargaining chip at his execution.
It all comes down to this, a showdown over the Katana fleet.
The Rebels and Imperials have both located the abandoned Dreadnaughts, and each is looking to outgun the other, take the fleet, and direct the galaxy to their way of thinking.
Odds this round are on Grand Admiral Thrawn.
He has a trick up his sleeve, one not seen since the end of the Clone Wars.
Even as the worlds of the former Republic are drawn into the iron grip of Palpatine's Empire, the galaxy seems adrift in a sea of chaos, lawlessness, and despair.
On Coruscant, Darth Vader waits for his Master to reveal his vision for the future. 
On New Plympto, Jedi Master Dass Jennir leads a Nosaurian army in a war they have already lost.
Is this what it now means to be a Jedi?
Despite his acceptance of the Sith ways, Darth Vader is shocked to find the Empire—and himself—complicit in an evil he thought he had put behind him.
A Separatist freedom fighter deals with the realization that the sacrifice made by his brothers-in-arms has been for nothing—and that their families are paying the price for their resistance.
Events have led Jedi Dass Jennir and his companion Bomo Greenbark to the planet Orvax—slave marketplace to the galaxy.
Meanwhile, Darth Vader must deal with some unpleasant realities—and memories—of his own.
Though he is a Dark Lord of the Sith, even he must bow before the power of the Emperor.
In order to help his friend Bomo Greenbark, Jedi Dass Jennir has been forced into a series of questionable actions—and none is more potentially destructive than the one he now contemplates.
Or is this the true genius of Palpatine's evil?
The Jedi, their status destroyed and their order broken, must now become outlaws and lawbreakers in order to do what was once considered their duty.
The dark times have barely begun, and already Dass Jennir is so engulfed in darkness, he wonders if he will ever find his way back!
After a infiltration on the slaver's camp, and discovery of the death of Bomo Greenbark's wife, Mesa, the Jedi Dass Jennir sets off alone to discover the whereabouts of Resa. 
After intimidating a Zabrak for information concerning the slave trader, Jennir arrives in the property of a Chagrian named Orso Meeto, who gives him the coordinates of the buyer, a human named Dezono Qua.
After finishing with Meeto, Jennir heads back to the Uhumele, and travels to Esseles in the hope of finding Bomo's daughter.
Meanwhile, on New Plympto, while part of the Imperial Fleet is there after the Battle of Half-Axe Pass, Commanders Vill and Appo discuss the stealing of a Nimbus Starfighter and a future mission on the world of Murkhana. 
The chaos of the Clone Wars and the darkness of Palpatine's Empire have allowed a smaller, more personal—but no less deadly—evil to flourish, and confronting it changes everything.
After all he's done, can Dass Jennir still call himself a Jedi?
After all that has happened, can Bomo Greenbark find the strength to go on?
In the last days of the Clone Wars, Jedi Master K'Kruhk finds his fate altered by Order 66 in ways he could not have imagined.
Elsewhere in the galaxy, Bomo Greenbark and the crew of the smuggler vessel Uhumele are being pursued by the Empire, even as they head for a potentially dangerous rendezvous.
As the crew of the Uhumele heads for what they hope will be a big payday, Bomo Greenbark learns the reasons why pilot Crys Taanzer hates not just the Republic and the Empire, but even the Jedi.
And, though she cannot know it, her decision has had ramifications for Jedi Master K'Kruhk, as well.
Bomo Greenbark and the smuggler crew of the Uhumele are caught in the crossfire between two criminal gangs, both of whom want what the crew has.
But Captain Heren still has one trick left to play—and it will result in a dangerous surprise for Jedi Master K'Kruhk, who is half a galaxy away and who believes himself to be out of peril.
Bomo Greenbark and his companions have been imprisoned, enslaved, and tortured, but now Bomo has found a way out.
Meanwhile, Master K'Kruhk discovers that those under his protection are more in need of it than ever. Bad guys beware!
Confronted with a nightmare scenario, Jedi Master K'Kruhk is thrust into a battle unlike any he has ever faced.
Elsewhere, Bomo Greenbark unleashes an unrivaled fury upon the captors of the crew of the Uhumele.
Former Jedi Dass Jennir accepts a job that puts him on a collision course with not one, but two deadly outlaw gangs!
In the LiMerge Building on Coruscant, Darth Maul undergoes a trial by cutting through and destroying various droids who are attacking with lethal force.
Maul is successful in completing the trial, and directly after Darth Sidious informs him of a task.
With plans for the invasion of Naboo in place, Sidious worries of his dependence on the Neimoidians and the Trade Federation. 
Despite this, Sidious wants no interference from any outside forces, and orders his apprentice to strike at the heart of the criminal organization Black Sun.
To aid Maul in his task, Sidious gives him an armed Star Courier that has been redubbed a "Sith Infiltrator" for his apprentice's use. 
The starship includes a cloaking generator for invisibility as well as a speeder bike and a trio of Dark Eye probe droids.
As Maul leaves Coruscant, Qui-Gon Jinn senses his dark presence through a disturbance in the Force but is unsure of what he has sensed.
Jinn tells his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi that even though Force-sensitive beings do not always understand what is being told to them, he is certain the meaning will eventually reveal itself. 
In hiding for generations, the Sith have waited for the precise moment to reveal themselves to the galaxy.
Hoping to catch the Jedi unaware, Lord Sidious and his deadly apprentice, Darth Maul, have planned and waited patiently for their moment to pounce.
Unfortunately, in the days before the Trade Federation blockade of the planet Naboo, Lord Sidious becomes aware of a threat to his plans.
This threat comes from the deadly galactic crime organization Black Sun.
But Sidious won't stand for any opposition, and Darth Maul is sent to deal with Black Sun—as only a master of the dark side can!
The criminal organization Black Sun is feared across the galaxy.
But now the tables are turned as the scheming Sith Lord, Darth Sidious, has sent his merciless enforcer, Darth Maul, to make sure that Black Sun stays out of his affairs.
Gaining entrance to Black Sun, Maul works his way to the inner sanctum of the organization—and that's when the destruction begins!
The ultimate enforcer, Darth Maul, continues his single-handed decimation of the ranks of the galactic crime syndicate Black Sun.
As lieutenant after lieutenant falls under the swift blade of Maul's cold wrath, Black Sun pulls itself together to discuss how to deal with this new threat.
Aware of Black Sun's plan, Maul shows up at Black Sun headquarters just as the in-fighting starts, and all hell breaks loose—Maul-style!
On Mon Calamari, Darth Maul kills Morn, another Vigo of Black Sun.
In Alexi Garyn's fortress on Ralltiir, Asa Naga tells the gathered Vigos about Maul's attack on Darnada, but Garyn assures the Vigos that Maul cannot defeat the gathered strength of their bodyguards.
Maul prepares to attack the fortress and reports to Darth Sidious via hologram.
Maul begins his assault by attacking the Black Sun sentries.
Garyn's Nightsister bodyguard Mighella tells him that she senses a disturbance in the Force.
Maul fights through the Black Sun guards and reaches the antechamber to Garyn's throne room. 
During the Clone Wars, a single trooper—left for dead during battle—comes to hate the Jedi generals who abandoned him.
Now, this clone believes he may have found the leader he should have been following all along… Darth Vader!
Now, Hock believes he has found a truly great warrior who deserves loyalty and commands respect—Darth Vader!
If Hock can impress the Dark Lord as a stormtrooper, he will have earned respect of his own from the leader he admires most.
Stormtrooper Hock is exactly where he wants to be—under the command of the greatest warrior in the galaxy, Darth Vader!
When a mission to assimilate some remnant Separatists becomes a military disaster, Hock has an opportunity to be something more than a soldier in the ranks to Darth Vader… if he's willing to take a life-risking chance!
Fighting at the side of Darth Vader in an air attack against a group of inspired, cause-driven Separatists, stormtrooper Hock has an opportunity to show his value.
When he is captured, learning of the enemy's cause—and who they're working with—only reinforces Hock's belief in the Galactic Empire.
Stormtrooper Hock sabotages the remnant Separatists from the inside as they defend against Darth Vader's advancing forces, and fights for his life against a figure from his past.
At Vader's side, Hock witnesses firsthand the power and ruthlessness of the man-machine he has followed into battle!
But the real targets of the attack are the new Emperor and his second in command, Darth Vader.
Graduating cadet Tohm's first night as an Imperial officer has already seen him assisting Darth Vader in fighting a traitorous uprising, saving Emperor Palpatine from a deadly plague weapon, and keeping the peace between Vader and the cybernetic Moff Trachta.
Now Tohm and Vader have infiltrated the deathly stillness of the abandoned Jedi Temple to confront the secrets of Vader's past, and to learn the facts about the Ghost Prison!
Cadet Tohm, in the company of Darth Vader, Moff Trachta, and the wounded Emperor, has finally reached the mysterious Ghost Prison.
Vader battles the Jedi guard and Trachta wreaks vengeance on a particular prisoner.
The Emperor's condition is stabilized, but they must find a way to combat the uprising back on Coruscant.
Vader plans to use the only army available to him—the inmates of the Ghost Prison.
Here's your first look at the Star Wars of 25,000 years ago--before there were lightsabers, when the ties to the Force were new, and before the Jedi spread out into the galaxy.
The fearsome Rakata have invaded the Tython system, and war rages on every world.
With Forcesabers in hand, the Je'daii have aligned themselves with unlikely generals: Daegen Lok, the mad Je'daii, and the stranger, the Force Hound Xesh—one the devil they know, the other the wild card they don't!
One year after the Infinite Empire of the Rakata species has invaded the Tython system, the Empire has conquered the planets Furies Gate, Obri, Mawr, and Ska Gora.
They were repelled by the Je'daii Order at Tython, though the Rakata have established a command post on Ska Gora.
The Je'daii have allied with the Settled Worlds and appointed Rajivari as the general of their joint forces, and also constructed Forcesabers with the aid of the former Force Hound-turned-Je'daii Xesh—but the weapons forced the Je'daii to draw upon the dark side of the Force.
The mad Je'daii Daegen Lok has been freed from his imprisonment on the moon of Bogan and allowed to lead the Je'daii into battle against the Flesh Raiders.
When the Je'daii foresee the Infinite Empire's attack on the planet Shikaakwa, they arrange for their forces to ambush the enemy in the swamps surrounding Ryo Fortress, which serves as a command post for the Tythans.
As the Flesh Raider soldiers of the Empire make their way through the swamps around Ryo Fortress, Xesh ambushes a group and engages them in battle.
Xesh dispatches many of the Flesh Raiders, and when a Force Hound tries to attack Xesh, the Je'daii Ranger Shae Koda intercepts the Force Hound atop her rancor-dragon Butch.
Koda kills the enemy's mount, and Xesh defeats the Force Hound when his opponent survives. 
Xesh and Daegen Lok then flee from a trio of destructive Rakatan annihilators, and Xesh convinces Lok to order an airstrike on their position in order to take out the enemy walkers.
Despite the presence of other Je'daii in the area, Lok orders Hawk Ryo and his Hunter-class starfighters to bomb the Annihilators.
Amid the chaos, the Je'daii Sek'nos Rath saves his ally Trill and ferries her out of danger.
In Ryo Fortress, General Rajivari oversees the battle despite criticism from Baron Volnos Ryo, and upon learning of the successful attack on the Annihilators, he orders Masters Tave, Quan-Jang, and Tem Madog to launch their primary assault against the Rakatan forces.
The Rakatan commander, Sub-Predor Ceh'let, informs Predor Skal'nas of the heavy losses that her forces are taking, and Skal'nas allows Ceh'let to withdraw her forces to Ska Gora.
Despite the Rakatan retreat, the Flesh Raiders continue to fight, and as a result Xesh orders the Je'daii to wipe them all out.
Hours later, Lok gives a victory speech to the remaining Je'daii, though Sek'nos Rath storms off in disgust, as he dislikes how the Je'daii are embracing the dark side.
Xesh struggles to recall where he remembers Trill from, and he and Shae Koda share a moment before Koda departs.
On Ska Gora, Ceh'let openly challenges Skal'nas's authority in front of the other commanders, prompting Skal'nas to end the war conference and speak to her in private.
Skal'nas explains that the Rakata are losing their connection to the Force, and that he seeks the Infinity Gate built by the Kwa species that supposedly exists on Tython.
With the Infinity Gate, Skal'nas hopes to reverse the decay of his species' Force potential, and by doing so become the ruler of the Empire.
However, after explaining his plans, Skal'nas then executes Ceh'let with Force lightning as punishment for challenging him.
The Je'daii go on the offensive against the invading Rakatan Empire!
Xesh uses his Force Hound training to locate the Rakatan command center, which sparks an ambitious plan: infiltrate the enemy stronghold and kill the supreme commander.
Je'daii generals Daegen Lok and Xesh are captured by Xesh's former Rakatan masters, and Xesh learns the truth behind his arrival on Tython.
Half-mad with regret, he is forced to give the invaders the knowledge they need to defeat Xesh's Je'daii friends—and enslave the entire planet!
Xesh and his Rakatan master are leading their ravening army to the temple of Anil Kesh and the chasm below—hoping to find a gateway to the galaxy at the bottom!
But Je'daii Shae Koda dogs Xesh's steps, hoping to bring her lover back to the light side of the Force!
The alien Rakata are on the brink of opening the Infinity Gate, ready to unleash their Empire on an unsuspecting galaxy!
The Je'daii must win this battle—even if it means the end of their order.
Set before the events of Star Wars: A New Hope and the formation of the Empire, Droids features the adventures of protocol droid See-Threepio and astromech droid Artoo-Detoo in the Kalarba system.
Despite their differences, See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo know that the best way to survive is to stick together.
The protocol droid C-3PO is hanging by a rope from a tree on the planet of Kalarba, caught in a trap by the child his counterpart, R2-D2, and he have been tasked with governing while his parents are away on business. 
Nak is incensed by this and he uses R2-D2's restraining bolt to punish the astromech while calling him a mean name. 
At this point, Nak's grandfather, the Baron Pitareeze, arrives and scolds his mischievous descendant over his repeated teasing of his guardians.
he group moves on to a stately dinner held in the Baron's factory that adjoins their home, where they are briefly greeted by a worker named Balto. 
A Pitareeze Cruiser, a starship of the Baron's design, is hanging decoratively overhead.
The Baron says it is a long story, but the arrival of Jace Forno prompts him to tell his grandson about it.
Forno is a representative of Olag Greck, an old business associate of the Baron's, and she proposes that the Baron provide Greck with the MT-5 hyperdrive units created by the Baron's company, Pitareeze Inc., that far surpass its contemporary components.
Greck wants to use in ships he is selling to politically prominent buyers.
The Baron refuses, saying that he would never deal with Greck, who had swindled him when they worked together.
When she suggested that she talk to him about it another time, the Baron commanded her to leave and she complied.
Forno's mentioning that giving the components to Greck would make Nak's family—though he is self-interested—very wealthy interests him greatly.
He asks his grandfather if it is true, and the Baron explains that he had once hired Olag Greck to manage the construction of the Pitareeze Cruiser.
Greck abused the baron's trust by stealing the designs to the ship and creating a mediocre model himself before the Baron had even made a prototype.
Greck rushed these defective ships to market as "Greck Cruisers".
When the buyers encountered numerous design defects, Greck pleaded to the Baron for assistance in correcting the Greck Cruiser's faulty design and when the Baron declined Greck blamed the Baron publicly as the one who had designed the craft.
The Pitareeze family name was tarnished by this, but the Baron was proud to have retained his honor even if he would not be able to sell the Pitareeze Cruiser himself.
Nak has an impish look on his face after the Baron's tale concludes.
The next day, Greck is orbiting Kalarba in a space station called Hosk Station, welcoming Torba, a Councilman of the Galactic Empire's Commerce Commission.
They are in Greck's starship lot and the salesman is trying to persuade Torba to purchase a Greck Cruiser.
Torba is uninterested in his stock as whole starships, but he knows that the ships are based on Pitareeze Inc. designs.
He wants to acquire the MT-5 units, and the Baron will not sell them to him because Torba plans to use them for military purposes.
The Greck Cruisers do not have the specific part, so Torba tasks Greck with acquiring them.
He threatens to begin cracking down on illegal activities Greck is involved in on Hosk Station if he does not and leaves him.
Greck then finds himself in the presence of Nak Pitareeze, who flew there with C-3PO's help to sell the MT-5 to Greck.
C-3PO chimes in that it would upset the Baron if he found out about this sale and Nak shuts him off.
Greck explodes and crushes the component in his hand—Nak had taken a hydrocompressor, not the hyperdrive component.
The Baron receives a message from Greck in his home, and is informed that he has Nak in his custody.
Claiming that the boy had tried stealing a Greck Cruiser, Greck demands the MT-5 in exchange for his return.
Otherwise, he will inter Nak on the next prison barge that docks with Hosk Station.
Greck leaves Nak tied up in his office to meet with councilman Torba again, whom he is going to tell that he had gotten the component from the Baron prematurely.
The remote Nak had used to deactivate C-3PO, now confiscated by Greck, is left lying on his desk.
Nak squirms over to it, presses the button with his chin, and commands the wakened droid to untie him.
They run out and try to get the ship they arrived in so they can get home to tell the Baron not to meet Greck, but find the door to the hangar barred by Greck's henchman, Xob. 
They go to a different hangar and crib a Greck Cruiser instead, pursued by Xob, and take off, only to be chased by probes.
C-3PO, whose piloting abilities are already meager, finds the defective ship difficult to control and it begins to break down almost immediately: a control stick breaks off in the droid's hand.
The ship is protected from the head of entry by a shield and C-3PO programs a landing sequence that will take them to the Baron.
The pair crash land on the surface of Kalarba near the house, alive, though Nak's leg is injured.
C-3PO says that he will carry the boy there.
At this, Nak apologizes profusely for the way he had treated C-3PO and R2-D2.
C-3PO reassures him that he is not such a bad person compared to others out there.
Once Nak's leg has been splinted, C-3PO creates a sled out of nearby wood and ferries his master back to the house.
They talk on the way there about C-3PO's loyalty to R2-D2 and to Nak, but C-3PO reminds Nak that he can do nothing else in the boy's case—he has been fitted with a restraining bolt by the Pitareeze family.
Baron Pitareeze closed it down and sent them all home before he set out with R2-D2 in tow on the last scheduled shuttle to Hosk Station.
Nak suggests that they take the Pitareeze Cruiser above them.
Meanwhile, Greck is informing Torba that the MT-5 has been installed in one of the Greck Cruisers since their last meeting.
Torba demands proof, so Greck encourages him to test it himself by hyperspace jumping to the Alderaan system. 
His plan is to react to the news that there is no MT-5 in the ship by accusing the Baron of sabotaging their transaction.
Greck and Xob move to Bay 18, where the Baron is waiting for them per their arrangement. 
The Baron says that it is nearby and demands that Greck show him his grandson before he gives him the MT-5.
He complies and R2-D2 takes the part out from his internal storage compartment. 
When Greck tries to obfuscate ignorance, the man Force chokes him and announces that his personal assistants would arrive the next day and take the MT-5 by force.
Since Greck is still recovering, he is able to take the Baron and R2-D2 with him to another hangar.
Nonetheless, Greck and Xob catch up to them and Greck uses his blaster to shoot Balto's out of his grasp.
He demands once more that the droid give him the component and the droid complies before the Pitareeze Cruiser arrives in the hangar. 
He releases R2-D2 and C-3PO from their restraining bolts.
R2-D2 suggests that they explore the galaxy and have more adventures.
C-3PO says that he is insane: in his view, droids are not supposed to have stirring existences.
On Coruscant, Darth Vader, Grand Moff Trachta and Moff Kadir test the blaster accuracy of a battalion of a newly trained stormtroopers.
Vader is so impressed by their skill that he orders them sent to escort Governor Wilhuff Tarkin to the Death Star.
Kadir objects, as the men were assigned to his Coruscant City Guard.
Vader threatens him that the previous commander of Coruscant Security also made demands for more soldiers, and that Kadir should be silent if he doesn't wish to share his predecessor's fate.
As Vader leaves, Kadir and Trachta express their annoyance with the Sith.
Trachta hints that there might be a solution to the Sith problem, and tells Kadir that he'll be sent for. 
Palpatine asks Trachta to provide a skilled detachment of stormtroopers for his escort to the Death Star.
He then says that he would have assigned Trachta to oversee the construction of the Death Star instead of Tarkin, if only Trachta wasn't necessary for the Emperor's operations on Coruscant. 
Meanwhile, Darth Vader thinks back to a conversation he had with Qui-Gon Jinn before he was introduced to the Jedi Council.
He then meets with Palpatine, who gives him a mission to hunt down a lightsaber-wielding criminal on the planet Dargulli. 
he plot against the Emperor and Darth Vader proceeds, but as the conspirators worry about whether either of their targets suspect—and how much they might suspect—they also begin to wonder about each other.
Can the cold-blooded killer Gauer be trusted?
What about the ambitious Imperial Officer Dezsetes?
And who can tell what goes on behind the blank eyes of the cybernetically enhanced Grand Moff Trachta?
In the midst of the plots and counter plots, word comes of a new threat—a new, unknown Jedi has emerged to challenge Vader.
In part three of "Betrayal," Darth Vader has landed on a distant world to track down a mysterious Jedi.
But, instead of a Jedi Knight, he is confronted by a cadre of bounty hunters who have come to the conclusion that ganging up on—and defeating—the Sith Lord will bring them fame and fortune.
Meanwhile, on Coruscant, the ranks of those plotting to kill Emperor Palpatine are thinned as the co-conspirators begin targeting each other.
A proposition is made for Lord Vader and a powerful young Jedi to join forces and overthrow the Emperor.
But this offer comes from the young Jedi to the Dark Lord of the Sith!
Meanwhile, the Emperor and his elite Royal Guards are facing other would-be usurpers—the secret, traitorous cadre of Imperial officers and their loyal Stormtroopers!
This story reveals the events in the days and weeks just prior to A New Hope.
Three weeks prior to the Battle of Yavin, Prince Leia Organa visits the Imperial–occupied world of Ralltiir.
 Lord Tion allows Organa to land, believing that she is on a diplomatic mission.
Raymus Antilles informs her that the Imperials have posted a guard at their boarding lock.
Organa protests via comlink and is contacted by Lord Tion, who offers to come in his personal landspeeder. 
Meanwhile, two Ralltiir underground fighters Basso and Jiir discuss their planned operation. 
Jiir asks if Basso is ready to go through with their plan. 
Basso responds that they have little choice since their people are being herded into camps and slaughtered.
Jiir confirms the team is ready and Basso wishes his older brother all the best. 
At the boarding lock, Organa questions Tion about the "state of emergency".
Tion says that the state of emergency will remain in place until the troublemakers have been sifted from the general population.
Tion questions the purpose of her mission to Ralltiir.
When Organa explains that she is on a mission to deliver medical supplies and spare parts to the Ralltiiri High Council, he explains that the council has been dissolved for treason.
When Organa questions the heavy-handed Imperial occupation of Ralltiir, Tion gets defensive and issues a veiled threat against the Organa family. 
Jiir's forces stage a diversionary attack on the stormtroopers guarding the Tantive IV. 
Basso takes advantage of the firefight to head towards the Tantive IV.
While Lord Tion and his troops withdraw to deal with the insurgents, Organa and her crew discuss what to do next.
The Tantive IV has been transporting medical supplies and technical equipment to support weapons.
Shortly later, they are joined by the wounded Basso, who says that he has valuable information to share with her offworld.
Organa's bodyguards manage to hide Basso aboard her speeder before Darth Vader arrives with several stormtroopers. 
After exchanging greetings, Lord Vader tells Princess Organa that he is here to search her ship and cargo.
Organa protests that Lord Tion has oversight over the matter.
Vader replies that they will make the search legal and warns her not to think of fleeing Ralltiir.
Meanwhile, Lord Tion's Imperial forces eliminate the last of the Ralltiir insurgents. 
They overhear Organa telling Antilles and her crew to allow Tion to search the Tantive IV but suggests using her father Bail Organa's clout to convince him not to.
Tion allows Organa and her crew to leave aboard the Tantive IV without being searched. 
On the planet Kattada, Commander Karg's second in command Lieutenant Spilik orders his troops to stop wasting their firepower on the Tantive IV and to instead power up their Sentinel-class landing craft's shields and guns, and get ready to launch missiles.
He asks a scout trooper if he has seen Karg.
Spilik calls for his Commander. 
Aboard the Tantive IV, a gunner informs Captain Raymus Antilles that the Imperials are retreating.
When Antilles asks about Princess Leia Organa's whereabouts, a second gunner spots her.
Under Antilles' orders, the gunner fires at Commander Karg, scorching his arm and face before he can shoot Organa with his blaster.
Antilles and his troops evacuate Organa, Madam Mia Ikova and Karg.
While Alderaanian soldiers evacuate the wounded, Antilles with Organa's permission orders his gunners to target the Imperial landing craft's landing gear and communications array.
This prevents the Imperials from sending a message to Fleet Command.
While Antilles wants to continue the battle, Organa overrules him and insists on tending to Ikova's wounds and moving the Tantive IV out of harm's way.
Meanwhile, Spilik orders the surviving Imperial forces to activate their shields to full strength. 
In hopes of commendation from his superiors, Malvander Bren leads a ruthless attack on the rebel forces of Solem.
In an effort to show loyalty to the Empire, he hires bounty hunter Boba Fett to locate and kill his brother, Yolan Bren, who is the leader of the rebel forces on Solem.
Boba Fett locates Yolan Bren in a hospital in G'ai Solem.
When Malvander is not able to pay the full bounty, Fett takes a valuable neckpiece and leaves the planet.
Yolan Bren survives the ordeal because other rebels had stormed the palace (disobeying orders in doing so) and save him after Fett leaves Solem. 
Everybody remembers the scene in A New Hope where Biggs Darklighter heroically sacrifices himself during the attack on the Death Star.
Fewer people know is that before that fateful battle, Luke and Biggs were childhood friends. 
n fact, it was Luke's dream to follow Biggs to the Imperial Academy.
But what Biggs learns from his time with the Empire pushes him to become one of the earliest heroes of the Rebellion. 
With the birth of Leia and Han's third child, Anakin Solo, Luke Skywalker feels a surge of hope for the future of the Jedi Knights.
But it is a dark time for the Rebel Alliance: deploying Umak Leth's new terror weapon, Emperor Palpatine has once again asserted his technological dominance over the galaxy.
In a demonstration of power, Pinnacle Moon and its Rebel Command Base have been destroyed by the weapon, and the Alliance has been driven into hiding.
Secreted on the Nespis VIII space city, Mon Motha and her generals vow to fight on.
Troopships and heavy armor are directed against Imperial supply ports and shipyards . . . and, without success, against the Galaxy Gun itself.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker and his small band of Jedi have the critical task of protecting Leia's children, who are the future of the Jedi.
Most urgently, Luke and the Jedi hope to draw the Emperor into a face-to-face confrontation that will end his dark reign - and restore peace to the galaxy - for all time to come.
Emperor Palpatine is determined to rebuild his line of clones with the Jedi blood of the Ysanna shamans and of Leia Organa Solo's children.
But his last clone body is rapidly nearing its end, its life span shortened by the volcanic anger he feels toward the Jedi and the Rebel Alliance.
Vowing to bring the Rebel Alliance to its knees, Palpatine launches hyperspace projectiles against Rebel troopships . . . and against the Rebel Command Base on the ancient Nespis VIII space city.
Thanks to a faulty timing mechanism, the Alliance leaders are able to evacuate Nespis VIII seconds before it is annihilated.
To further avoid the Galaxy Gun's deadly precision, the Rebel fleet is forced to disperse throughout the galaxy.
As Han and Leia prepare to take their family once again into exile, for Jedi Knights - Luke Skywalker, Kam Solusar, Empatojayos Brand, and Rayf Ysanna - journey to Ossus to confer with the Ysanna Chief, Okko, about setting up a secret command base on the planet.
Vjun, the four Jedi defeat the darksiders in a climactic battle ... and find Okko and his companions frozen in carbonite.
In the name of all the Jedi, Luke vows to hunt down the Emperor and put and end, once and for all, to his cruel reign over the Galaxy.
But Luke's vow will be difficult to accomplish.
With two of his adepts, Palpatine has journeyed to Korriban, a world of the ancient Sith, seeking healing for flesh ravaged by the energies of his dark power.
On a mission to Vandos to rescue Ambassador Quiyyen, Flynn Kybo and his Jedi Master T'chooka D'oon are confronted by General Grievous and a battalion of B2 super battle droids.
The Jedi and their clone forces battle through the droids and rescue Quiyyen, but T'chooka is killed by Grievous in the process. 
Flynn goes to the Jedi Council and proposes that a Jedi strike team target Grievous and kill him. 
Master Yoda turns down the idea, calling it mere murder, beneath the honor of the Jedi.
Instead, he sends Flynn out to meet his new Jedi Master, Z'meer Bothu.
Flynn is approached by B'dard Tone and his Padawan, Codi Ty.
He agrees with Flynn's proposed course of action, having been horrifically injured by Grievous at Nadiem.
As B'dard and Codi leave, Z'meer, who has been listening to the entire conversation, tells Flynn that he may do as he pleases, but that he will "never be offered a place among the Jedi again".
Meanwhile, General Grievous and several battle droids take over a Mon Calamari ship, killing all aboard.
Grievous confronts an Abyssin Jedi, and orders his droids to kill him. 
On an Acclamator-class assault ship near Alderaan, Master Ph'ton briefs several Jedi on their next mission: to accompany a fleet of cargo ships to Alderaan, in their starfighters, ensuring they don't get attacked by the Trade Federation. 
Flynn Kybo, who is among the assembly, heads to Docking Bay Nine and steals a Delta-7 Aethersprite-class light interceptor, flying it to Bryndar.
He meets with Master Tone and Codi there, and they begin planning their attack on Grievous. 
General Grievous himself continues scouting the Calamari ship, and soon gets a report from a B1-Series battle droid, informing him of more lifeforms aboard.
The droid leads Grievous to a dark closet, which is filled with younglings…. He withdraws and activates his lightsabers.... 
The epic tale of Kir Kanos, Imperial Royal Guardsman, and his one-man war against those who seek to taint the memory of Emperor Palpatine through corruption and greed, has become an instant classic.
In encyclopedic format, Crimson Empire Handbook expands on the characters and events of the Crimson Empire and Crimson Empire II: Council of Blood miniseries.
Leia and Han are married and have shouldered heavy burdens in the government of the New Republic.
And Luke Skywalker is the first in a hoped-for new line of Jedi Knights.
But thousands of light-years away, the last of the Emperor's warlords, Grand Admiral Thrawn, has taken command of the remains of the Imperial fleet.
Thrawn has made two vital discoveries that could destroy the Rebel Alliance's New Republic.
Even as Luke Skywalker searches for Jedi to join him in the inevitable battle, Grand Admiral Thrawn, the last of the Emperor's warlords, schemes with Joruus C'baoth to end the battle before it can begin.
When an Imperial assassin puts Leia in his cross-hairs, Chewbacca crosses the galaxy to take Leia to a place of safety.
Mara Jade has survived for most of her life among the worst riffraff in the galaxy.
Years ago, she posed as a dancer in the decadent court of the late Jabba the Hutt.
Now, in the steaming jungles of Myrkr, Luke and Artoo are Jade's helpless captives.
Jade is determined to finish off her Jedi prisoner -- once she's finished stripping him of his Jedi secrets! 
Against this enemy, the champions of light may finally be facing their extinction.
It is the Age of the Empire.
In its place rose the Galactic Empire.
Rey has journeyed to the remote planet Ahch-To to ask legendary Jedi Luke Skywalker to lend his aid to the Resistance, but Luke has closed himself off to the Force and the rest of the galaxy.
Vader comments to the others, "If he was your best, you are not yet fit to serve the Emperor".
Sadeet begins to suspect that Tem Merkon may be the traitor he has suspected to be among them.
Surely enough, they capture a cloaked figure and return to Jax. 
Meanwhile, Jax's forces seeking Merkon discover his body – wrapped in explosives.
As the massive warship plunges to destruction, the ''Falcon'' jumps safely to hyperspace.
The New Republic wants the ships to crush the Empire for good.
R2-D2 uses his arc welder to sever the rope before turning it on the child, Nak Pitareeze, whom he shoots in the rear.
Nak asks his grandfather why he no longer creates these.
Greck and Xob, satisfied, allow them to escape.
Emperor Palpatine and Trachta meet. 
They both suspect it could be one of Vader's children.
Antilles orders the gunner to swing the turret.
