DJ replies that they got caught and that the First Order was offering a better deal.
Meanwhile, Rey enters a massive auditorium where she discovers the empty throne of the Sith and a large crowd of Sith loyalists.
Leia is unwilling to risk anymore losses but Holdo tells Leia that she taught her how.
Vader orders his ship out of the asteroid field for a clear transmission.
She's been charged with supervising twelve-year old aspiring inventor Avon Starros on a cruiser headed to the dedication of a wondrous new space station called Starlight Beacon.
Above Exegol, the Sith Star Destroyers fire up their engines.
Jedi Brand, who suffered terrible loss of limb in a battle with Darth Vader, wears complex life-support systems and high-tech prosthetics of his own design.
On the planet Phaeda, closer to the Empire but still relatively unimportant, a cloaked figure lands an common-looking freighter and bribes his way past spaceport security with no trouble at all.
Greck and Xob, satisfied, allow them to escape.
Soran Keize has returned to the tip of Shadow Wing's spear.
Palpatine asks Trachta to provide a skilled detachment of stormtroopers for his escort to the Death Star.
However, they are spotted by Slowen Lo.
Anakin must work his charm on the Queen of Zygerria, while "slave" Ahsoka and "slave traders" Rex and Obi-Wan search for clues.
While declining to join the fight due to his old age, the Rebellion hero offers them directions to Ochi's ship, which remains in the desert where he left it.
He is outraged that Holdo is abandoning the Raddus and denounces her as both a coward and a traitor.
She comes face to face with a gut-wrenching decision as she realizes that she cannot fight a war this way, not even for Padmé.
Meanwhile, in a dreaded turn of events, Emperor Palpatine has again taken a youthful clone body and renewed the determination of Military Executor Sedriss and his elite Darkside Warriors.
With an entire legion of Imperial troops to contend with, can the young explorers at last succeed in THE RESCUE?
Believing a direct hit with Proton torpedos will cause a chain reaction that will destroy the station, Dodanna tells the pilots to man their ships in preparation for the battle.
That night, the assassin Zam Wesell makes another attempt on Amidala's life, though the Jedi are able to foil her plot.
On Phaeda, General Wessel responds to a report of one man killing dozens of stormtroopers and Imperial officers.
They land at Luke's coordinates and arrive at the Aki-Aki Festival of the Ancestors.
Thanks to Kanos's information, Luke Skywalker quickly understood the gravity of the situation.
Palpatine describes Darth Plagueis as a Dark Lord of the Sith so powerful and wise that he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create life.
She also draws on her experience climbing through wrecked Imperial starships to make her way through the bowels of the installation's machinery.
Hidden in the story are also clues and hints about the upcoming film Star Wars: The Force Awakens, making this a must-listen for fans old and new!
Or is this the true genius of Palpatine's evil?
Much to the dismay of General Wessel, the cloaked figure was not Kanos, but Mirith Sinn in disguise.
Rey and Ren continue to experience shared visions, and Rey excoriates him for murdering Han Solo, while Ren mocks her need to find replacement parental figures, first in Han and now Luke.
Desperate for a way to find his own offworld vessel and free her, Han enlists in the Imperial Navy—the last place for a rebellious loner who doesn't play well with others.
A young prodigy escapes, and he alone can offer the rallying cry that could save the children...and the Rebel Alliance as well!
But Thrawn's origins and the story of his rise in the Imperial ranks have remained mysterious.
Snoke orders Kylo Ren to kill Rey with his lightsaber.
Once again, the flagship begins to descend in free fall into Coruscant, though due to its extensive damage taken from its broadside cannon fight with the Guarlara and entering Coruscant' atmosphere, the ships hangar bay begins to weaken.
After much bargaining (including Leia threatening Jabba with a thermal detonator), Jabba settles on a deal, and has Chewbacca imprisoned.
As the lightsaber duel continues, Ren discovers that Rey is aboard his flagship after she shatters a stand containing Darth Vader's helmet.
Returning to the Jedi Temple, Obi-Wan is assigned by the council to track down the assassin's killer.
Luke fends off Rey's attacks and disarms her, but submits when she threatens him with his own lightsaber.
Palpatine encourages Anakin to kill Dooku, much to the shock of the latter who looks at the Chancellor pleadingly, only to be met with a sinister smile from Palpatine.
As he and Skywalker watch the burning tree, he tells Luke "We are what they grow beyond. That is the burden of all masters."
Han and Fiolla arrive on Ammuud and uncover the evidence Fiolla needs to implicate high-ranking Authority officials in the slaving ring.
Luke rushes into Tosche Station excitedly telling his friends about the battle above their planet.
The New Republic wants the ships to crush the Empire for good.
As the Falcon descends into Kef Bir, they are detected by a woman named Jannah, who is riding an Orbak.
Luke says he'll "try" to lift the ship, but Yoda says "No, try not! Do or do not, there is no try."
On the planet's surface, Qui-Gon saves native outcast Jar Jar Binks from being crushed by a Trade Federation MTT.
Ominous words under any circumstances, but all the more so when uttered by Emperor Palpatine.
On the tenth day of their mourning, the survivor reached Yinchorr and informed his comrades of what he had learned.
Ren is cornered by three guards but he breaks free and impales one, before throwing his body into a generator where he is disintegrated.
Various alien creatures are seen walking around a narrow street in Mos Eisley, and some Stormtroopers walk past.
Not trusting Vice-Admiral Holdo's leadership, Poe agrees to the plan, believing that it can save the Resistance and Rey.
Luke convinces Han and Chewbacca to rescue her with the vague promise of a grand reward.
Her secret husband, Anakin Skwyalker, is off fighting the war, and excels at being a wartime Jedi.
When the kidnapper turns out to be a sexy female spy with whom Cross has worked before, and when her motives turn out to have the boy's welfare at heart, Cross is faced with a decision: should he disobey his own orders from the Empire?
Solo takes Rey, Finn, and BB-8 to the planet Takodana to meet with Maz Kanata at her castle.
Here begins a multigenerational tale of honor and redemption, starring two of the heaviest hitters in the Star Wars galaxy -- the father-and-clone team of Jango and Boba Fett!
Meanwhile, Poe admits to R2-D2 that he doesn't know when Lando and reinforcements are coming.
Aware of Black Sun's plan, Maul shows up at Black Sun headquarters just as the in-fighting starts, and all hell breaks loose—Maul-style!
Bala-Tik then orders his men to inform the First Order that Han Solo and the BB unit are aboard the ship.
Luke tells her that somethings are stronger than blood and confronting fear is the destiny of the Jedi and encourages Rey to face Sidious because if she doesn't it will mean the end of the Jedi and the war will be lost for the Resistance.
Obi-Wan saves himself from falling when he manages to grab onto a pipe protruding from the wall of the shaft.
When Anakin asks if it is possible to learn the power to stop death, Palpatine simply replies, "Not from a Jedi," further alienating Anakin from the Jedi Order.
To aid Maul in his task, Sidious gives him an armed Star Courier that has been redubbed a "Sith Infiltrator" for his apprentice's use.
Luke denies all of this, then Yoda decides to use the Force to lift the ship out himself.
Connix and C-3PO also surrender, ending the mutiny and allowing the evacuation to begin.
Despite leading the Chiss to victory and bringing glory to the House of Mitth, the true threat to the Ascendancy has not yet been extinguished.
Later, in a room in the queen's palace, Yoda confers upon Obi-Wan the rank of Jedi Knight.
The group goes to the Millennium Falcon.
Needless to say, Luke escapes S'ybll's clutches, after another Rebel rescue just in the nick of time.
Upon touching the lightsaber, she receives a series of visions.
Fighting at the side of Darth Vader in an air attack against a group of inspired, cause-driven Separatists, stormtrooper Hock has an opportunity to show his value.
She reminds Poe that there is more of them.
An Abednedo pilot named C'ai Threnalli tells Poe that the Steadfast has been destroyed.
Before Finn can complete his suicide mission, Rose prevents Finn from sacrificing himself to destroy the battering ram cannon, which then blasts a hole in the fortress.
As the gunfight continues, Lando orders an evacuation of Cloud City before the arrival of the main forces of the Empire, then the rebel company manages to find their last hope of escape... the Millennium Falcon.
Having served his purpose, 3PO's memory wipe begins, and he shuts down.
Grievous confronts an Abyssin Jedi, and orders his droids to kill him.
Greck explodes and crushes the component in his hand—Nak had taken a hydrocompressor, not the hyperdrive component.
Jedi Knight Vernestra Rwoh hopes this means she will finally have time to really train her Padawan, Imri Cantaros—but reports of a Nihil attack on Port Haileap soon dash those hopes.
C-3PO and R2-D2 are instructed to remain behind, and the trio sets off on their rescue attempt.
Just then, the roof of the Sith Citadel opens, showing the battle above.
As the shadows of the Empire loom ever larger across the galaxy, so do deeply troubling rumors.
Finn likes the name, and goes on to use it.
Boba Fett has discovered that his father left a legacy to someone Boba has never heard of.
This comic book follows Lando Calrissian, who visited the palace of Quaffug the Hutt on a diplomatic mission from the Rebel Alliance.
Snoke uses the Force to bring Rey closer to him.
Grounded, Jedi Kit Fisto and Plo Koon plan a daring assault mission with a squad of tougher-than-nails Republic Commandos.
Meanwhile, Dec and Sari land on a mysterious moon and encounter unexpected inhabitants: a group of outspoken droids and the infamous Harra the Hutt.
Rey insists that she is not leaving and follows him through the Temple Island.
While Lord Tion and his troops withdraw to deal with the insurgents, Organa and her crew discuss what to do next.
Why must Qui-Gon so often disregard the laws that bind the Jedi?
He revels in torturing Luke by slowly increasing the intensity of the lightning.
"I have sensed a disturbance in the Force".
Across the generations, and across the galaxy, if a Fett is on your trail, you've reached a dead end!
Some of your favorite Jedi: Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Master Yoda, Master Mace Windu, and others, will be joined by a few new faces as they fight to maintain the true spirit of the Republic.
Luke is racing to the far side of the galaxy to obtain a Jedi Holocron rumored to be on the planet Ossus.
General Leia Organa, now widowed by the murder of Han Solo at the hands of their own son Ben, alias Kylo Ren, cautiously approves Poe's reckless plan.
C-3PO demands that R2-D2 finish reconstructing him after his ordeal in Cloud City.
As a member of Chancellor Palpatine's top secret Death Star project, Orson Krennic is determined to develop a superweapon before their enemies can.
Manning fast-armed freighters, the spacers hold the dark-side beasts at bay long enough for Lando's crew to scramble aboard.
Poe and Finn insist to Chewie that they won't turn off the game, before doing just that as they leave the dejarik table.
Translated by 3PO, the child says she is named Nambi Ghima and offers a necklace to Rey, who smiles and accepts the kind gesture.
Outside his door, Rey tells him that she needs his help.
He and Captain Jek attempt to sneak up to Yoda, but the aged Master senses their intent and beheads both clones with a slash of his lightsaber.
Ignoring Yoda's counsel to leave his weapons, Luke enters the cavern armed.
They realize that the First Order Army has arrived with a phalanx of AT-AT, AT-M6 walkers and a superlaser siege cannon.
Leia's message causes Luke to reconsider his decision.
Obi-Wan uses a Jedi Mind trick on the lead trooper, who lets them pass.
Han works out a deal with Jessa: in exchange for the Waiver and upgrades to the Falcon, he and Chewbacca will help out in the effort to discover what happened to Doc and other enemies of the Corporate Sector Authority, the capitalistic and authoritarian organization that oversees the Corporate Sector.
The last of Emperor Palpatine's clones has been destroyed by the Rebel Luke Skywalker and his allies, and control of the Empire is up for grabs.
In this story, set between Star Wars: A New Hope and Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, Han and Chewie must fly the Millennium Falcon on a top-secret mission for the Rebellion, while evading ruthless bounty hunters and a relentless Imperial agent.
Concentrating, Rey tries one last time, and the stormtrooper listens to her demands.
At an elegant embassy soirée in the Corporate Sector, Cross locks his sights on the Stark family.
Luke Skywalker has vanished.
Han accidentally activates Fett's backpack when he turns around and smashes the butt of an axe against it.
He tells him that he knows of Anakin's turning, while addressing him as his Sith name.
And just as quickly, Thrawn proves to be as indispensable to the Empire as he is ambitious; as devoted as its most loyal servant, Darth Vader; and a brilliant warrior never to be underestimated.
More importantly, Merrin, Cere, Greez, and faithful droid BD-1 are the closest thing Cal has had to a family since the fall of the Jedi Order.
After the thrilling events of The High Republic: Convergence, the Jedi race to confront the Path of the Open Hand and end the Forever War.
Sensing that Ochi's dagger is on the ship, Rey splits off from the group to retrieve the relic.
When the Je'daii foresee the Infinite Empire's attack on the planet Shikaakwa, they arrange for their forces to ambush the enemy in the swamps surrounding Ryo Fortress, which serves as a command post for the Tythans.
This is a scene with Darth Vader and another Imperial officer on the Death Star.
This is followed by the voices of Luke's father Anakin Skywalker, Anakin's former apprentice Ahsoka Tano, and Knight Kanan Jarrus calling out her name.
Outside, Luke confronts Ren alone outside the breached door, giving the surviving Resistance fighters time to escape.
Palpatine confides in Anakin his fear, distrust, and contempt of the Masters.
The Emperor is dead.
Using C-3PO as a translator, Jabba sentences Luke and his friends to be taken to the Dune Sea for termination (over a course of a thousand years) by the man-eating sarlacc at the Great Pit of Carkoon.
As several Sith Star Destroyers go up in flames, Pryde asks where they got these fighter craft since they have no navy.
With R2-D2 and Chewbacca in tow, Rey leaves on the Millennium Falcon and follows the map to the distant planet, a water world dotted with islands, which she had previously seen in her visions.
Using a tow cable, Grievous latches himself to the ship and heads for the escape pods.
Rey is soon joined by the Dark Lord, who is supported by an Ommin harness.
She then hears the voice of Luke and his father's Master Obi-Wan Kenobi telling her that these are her final steps and telling her to rise and take them.
This backfires, however, as it only serves to reassure Rey of her own power, she begins to draw on the Force to hone her attacks, and the tide of the duel shifts.
They recalibrate the Temple's signal to warn all surviving Jedi to keep away from the Temple, but then Obi-Wan, wanting to know the truth, checks the security hologram recordings.
Boba Fett is dead, and whoever hired the hit squad had better run—as fast and as far as possible!
However, Luke is still tormented by the guilt of his failure to keep Ben Solo from falling to the dark side, believing that he failed his sister and Han.
While Alderaanian soldiers evacuate the wounded, Antilles with Organa's permission orders his gunners to target the Imperial landing craft's landing gear and communications array.
Leia jumps off of the throne and has R2-D2 help break her chain, then heads for the stairs to the top level of the sail barge.
This causes Hux to explode in fury at his rival's presumptuousness, but Ren angrily Force chokes him into submission, declaring himself the new Supreme Leader.
The remote Nak had used to deactivate C-3PO, now confiscated by Greck, is left lying on his desk.
Ren reacts angrily to the insult, but Snoke repulses him with Force lightning and dismisses him as just "a child in a mask."
They are also concerned that they sense much fear in the boy, and that he has a clouded future.
Nak is incensed by this and he uses R2-D2's restraining bolt to punish the astromech while calling him a mean name.
The Rebels suffer major casualties as the result of the battle.
Later, Luke arrives at the palace. Jabba and most of his court are asleep, but are awoken by Bib Fortuna (who, in trying to impede the Jedi's entrance, is Force-tricked into welcoming him).
When Rey tells Skywalker that the Resistance sent her, he asks about her identity, homeworld, and motivations for coming here.
Next, Amidala informs Qui-Gon and Nass of her battle strategy: with the Grand Gungan Army acting as a distraction to the bulk of the main Trade Federation forces, the Naboo resistance led by herself, Captain Panaka and the Jedi will infiltrate Theed via a secret entrance located inside one of the waterfalls.
Launching all other escape capsules, Grievous speeds for the safety of a Trade Federation Lucrehulk-class battleship.
The battle appears to have ended and Luke's friends ridicule him for making it all up.
As a result, Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine requests that Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi and his apprentice, Anakin Skywalker, protect her.
Thanks to a faulty timing mechanism, the Alliance leaders are able to evacuate Nespis VIII seconds before it is annihilated.
On Ska Gora, Ceh'let openly challenges Skal'nas's authority in front of the other commanders, prompting Skal'nas to end the war conference and speak to her in private.
But the ever-elusive Dooku is dangerous prey for even the most skilled hunter.
He invites her to become Empress of the new Sith Empire and command the Sith fleet.
Despite being outnumbered and outgunned, the Rogues manage to penetrate the defenses of the Star Destroyer Steadfast, commanded by Commander Vivant.
Even as the galaxy's future grows more uncertain by the day, with each blow struck against the Empire, the Mantis crew grows more daring.
They steal First Order officer uniforms from an automated laundry room and make their way to a hyperspace tracker.
Meanwhile, Rey and her team fall through the quicksand into a network of underground tunnels.
In contrast, when Padmé gets the opportunity to see the casualties on the war-torn front lines, she is horrified.
On what should be a routine mission, they meet a stormtrooper determined to chart her own course with the help of Cal and the crew.
Babu completes the hack, allowing 3PO to read the message inscribed on the dagger.
While Poe and Rey argue, Finn tries to brief Rey about their mission to meet with the spy.
Vader begins to speak through his vocabulator to the Emperor, asking about Padmé.
After reporting to comrade Han Solo that he'll investigate the site, Luke is knocked unconscious by a deadly wampa.
Relive the excitement of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story with this action-packed retelling!
Captured by the Emperor, Leia discovers that he holds hostage an even greater treasure: a mysterious and intelligent artifact called the Jedi Holocron.
With the birth of Leia and Han's third child, Anakin Solo, Luke Skywalker feels a surge of hope for the future of the Jedi Knights.
The encounter ends disastrously when Master Ood draws down a massive charge of energy that destroys them both!
After a brief pause in their conversation, Palpatine makes a remark about the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise.
Luke senses it is Vader, then bemoans, 'Ben, why didn't you tell me?'
Finn also discovers that DJ and BB-8 stole the yacht from an arms dealer selling weapons to both the First Order and Resistance.
But even though Thrawn dominates the battlefield, he has much to learn in the arena of politics where ruthless administrator Arihnda Pryce holds the power to be a potent ally or a brutal enemy.
If hope is to survive, the Resistance must journey throughout the galaxy, seeking out more leaders—including those who, in days gone by, helped a nascent rebellion topple an empire.
A thrilling new adventure set between A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back, and—for the first time ever—written entirely from Luke Skywalker’s first-person point of view.
On Crait, Leia and Rey sense Luke's death.
But even as they celebrate, the battle sparks some unexpected results – in the form of an ancient threat that lurks within the very heart of Yavin's moon!
As Luke's ship, the ''Jedi Explorer'', emerges from hyperspace, a light-speed torpedo fired from the Emperor's new Galaxy Weapon emerges near them, heading straight for Pinnacle Base.
They agree to preserve Padmé's pregnant appearance, thus faking the children's deaths.
Amid the brewing chaos, Anakin Skywalker rises to the rank of Jedi Knight.
Luke Skywalker is in the Tatooine desert repairing a moisture vaporator, assisted by a Treadwell droid, when he notices shining objects in the sky.
Anakin Skywalker is recalled to active duty to deal with a Separatist pilot who has been wreaking havoc on the Republic's fleets.
Finn chats with Jannah, who reveals that she was once a stormtrooper known as TZ-1719 and that her whole tribe were former troopers.
Kir Kanos strikes back at the Empire!
He then leads them to the Gungan Sacred Place, where he is certain the Gungans will be.
As Ren and his Knights stride through the Steadfast's corridors into the conference room, a stormtrooper notes the sudden appearance of the Knights of Ren, and his fellow trooper compares them to "ghouls."
Although the Death Star has been destroyed, Imperial troops have driven the Rebel forces from their hidden base and pursued them across the galaxy.
When he thinks that all is already lost, that he, the Millennium Falcon, the crew and the barges are going to burn down in the sun, he hears Lando Calrissian's voice, who has arrived on a EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate.
And though her eager new sidekick has cyber skills crucial to the mission, only Bazine's razor-sharp talents will mean the difference between success or failure—and life or death.
C-3PO leads them to a speeder and discovers a hex charm, a common emblem of the Sith loyalists.
Phasma falls to her death in a fiery chasm when the floor beneath her gives way.
He then snatches Skywalker's lightsaber from Ren's hand with the Force.
But to her surprise, the new queen asks Padmé to continue serving their people—this time in the Galactic Senate.
Finn gives them the Starkiller's blueprints, which reveal that the Starkiller drains the energy of a star in order to charge its primary weapon, and that it requires a thermal oscillator, which sustains the energy on the planet, in order to function.
Poe is shot and the group are surrounded by stormtrooper reinforcements, who take them captive.
In order to ensure the security and continuing stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire! For a safe and secure society!
However, in the process, Vader is struck by the Emperor's Force lightning, which enters his organic remains, striking his life support system and his respirator, mortally wounding him.
Commander D'Acy tells Poe that they are evacuating to an old Rebel Alliance base on nearby Crait.
On a EF76 Nebulon-B escort frigate at the Rebel fleet's rendezvous point, Luke is under the care of 2-1B again which includes the installation of a prosthetic hand.
The battle lasts around half a minute as Obi-Wan is defeated.
After the fleet exits hyperspace, Leia angrily reprimands and demotes Poe to captain for disobeying orders and leading Cobalt Squadron to their deaths.
Yoda, Luminara Unduli, and Gree, along with Tarfful and Chewbacca defend Kashyyyk against the Corporate Alliance Tanks, Dwarf Spider droids, Droid Gunships, and legions of battle droids.
As B'dard and Codi leave, Z'meer, who has been listening to the entire conversation, tells Flynn that he may do as he pleases, but that he will "never be offered a place among the Jedi again".
Soon thereafter, Jax leaves the Phaeda system, leaving orders for Commander Vivant to reduce Collo Fauale to a "crater".
Challenged by ruthless Imperial bodyguards, death-dealing enemy battleships, merciless bounty hunters, and monstrous brain-eating parasites, Luke plunges head-on into a high-stakes espionage operation that will push his abilities as a Rebel fighter and would-be Jedi to the limit.
The Baron refuses, saying that he would never deal with Greck, who had swindled him when they worked together.
He asks a scout trooper if he has seen Karg.
However, the intruders are spotted by the First Order astromech droid BB-9E.
During the search he arrives to the research lab where he finds evidence of Aayla's capture.
Questions the Jedi Masters would consider dangerous.
Meanwhile, the rest of the Rebel Alliance struggles against time to evacuate Yavin Base for their new home on Hoth, as Darth Vader and the Imperial forces plan for a major strike on the Rebel moon.
Colonel Shev, a supporter of Carnor Jax, irritates another officer and attracts the attention of the cloaked visitor.
The Aki-Aki Festival of the Ancestors! This celebration occurs only once every forty-two years!
Meanwhile, Avon must put her smarts and skills to the ultimate test as she fights for survival among the Nihil—and uncovers a sinister plan.
She returns to retrieve Skywalker's lightsaber from some Porgs and spots Skywalker's T-65B X-wing starfighter submerged beneath the sea.
But Boba Fett follows them, resulting in a clash which ends when Chewbacca rips off Fett's helmet and ignites his jet pack, sending Boba Fett blasting into the darkness.
Greck leaves Nak tied up in his office to meet with councilman Torba again, whom he is going to tell that he had gotten the component from the Baron prematurely.
C-3PO thinks they should go back to the Falcon but Poe warns that the First Order will be waiting for them there.
She is frustrated by the Senate's deliberation and lack of action, and feels that even if Palpatine is elected Chancellor, it will be too late.
But as the danger intensifies and the threat of discovery grows, how far will Inferno Squad go to ensure the safety of the Empire?
The Gungans are initially distrustful, until the "handmaiden" Padmé reveals herself as the true queen and humbly begs for their help.
Luke asks the Ysanna tribe to join him and become Jedi Knights.
Fett subsequently flies out of control from the skiff, crashing against the hull of the barge before falling into the sarlacc's open mouth, making it belch.
With Forcesabers in hand, the Je'daii have aligned themselves with unlikely generals: Daegen Lok, the mad Je'daii, and the stranger, the Force Hound Xesh—one the devil they know, the other the wild card they don't!
Rey believes that Kylo Ren is their last hope.
The Jedi managed to evacuate in an escape pod just before the zinethium exploded.
Beyond the edge of the galaxy lie the Unknown Regions: chaotic, uncharted, and near impassable, possessing hidden secrets and dangers in equal measure.
Sure enough, as Ram races to warn the Jedi, the dreaded Nihil unleash a surprise attack!
Devastated and angered, Obi-Wan redoubles his assault upon Maul and chops the Sith's lightsaber in half, but Maul eventually overpowers and nearly kills Kenobi by Force pushing him over the edge of a seemingly bottomless reactor shaft.
Rey, Finn, Poe, C-3PO, Chewbacca, BB-8, and D-O approach a cliff overlooking the sea, where the wreckage of the second Death Star lies in the distance.
Karr's parents worry that he's sick; his grandmother is convinced the visions come from the Force.
Skywalker refuses to teach her, believing that it is time for the Jedi to end.
This junior novel retelling of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, contains deleted and extended scenes, including exclusive scenes you won't find anywhere else!
Obi-Wan and Yoda will watch and wait until the time is ready for the Skywalker children to do their part.
Sing used an Airhook Speeder to attack her final target as he coached a team of Thranta rider acrobats.
En route, R2-D2 is tasked with serving drinks to Jabba's guests, and the Max Rebo Band plays music in the background.
While making repairs to the Falcon, Rey tells Finn that all that matters is finding the wayfinder and Exegol.
And what of the nameless creatures that can destroy the Jedi Order?
Ren tries to use telekinesis to pick up the lightsaber his grandfather built, but it resists his pull and instead flies to Rey, who has awakened from her stupor.
Imperial Agent Jahan Cross doesn't like his assignment or the politicians he is forced to work with.
While Lando and Wedge take on the Imperial stormtroopers, Leia is tormented by visions of Luke being sucked into the darkness.
So while Padmé plunges into politics, Sabé sets off on a mission dear to Padmé's heart.
Rey awakens, smiling at Ben and touching his cheek gently.
Following the dramatic events of Light of the Jedi, the heroes of the High Republic era return to face a shattered peace and a fearsome foe.
D-O tells Finn that he misses Rey.
Luke's landspeeder races into the town of Anchorhead, nearly running over an old woman.
Her hands clasp the japor snippet given to her by Anakin following his departure from Tatooine some thirteen years ago.
To snag his piece of the outlaw pie, Han joins a crew of pirates to pull off a risky heist.
The movie ends with Luke, Leia, and the droids looking on as the Falcon departs for unknown territories, setting the stage for Return of the Jedi.
On the planet Zaddja, far from the Empire, an Imperial task force of stormtroopers aboard the Destiny land to attack a lone settlement.
Former Jedi Dass Jennir accepts a job that puts him on a collision course with not one, but two deadly outlaw gangs!
After gaining Supreme Leader Snoke's permission to fire the Starkiller superweapon, Hux chooses the Hosnian system, which hosts the capital of the New Republic, Hosnian Prime, as well as the New Republic Defense Fleet, in order to demonstrate the power of the First Order in an attempt to wipe out the "illegitimate" government of the New Republic in one fell swoop.
The Jedi, with Binks in tow, arrive in Theed and rescue Queen Amidala, using the Force and their lightsabers to dispatch squads of droids.
Obi-Wan yearns to prove himself on a mission, but when he and Qui-Gon are finally set to leave on an assignment, Qui-Gon is nowhere to be found.
Anakin tries to defend the Jedi by saying they use their powers for good, but Palpatine argues good is only a point of view, noting that in almost every conceivable manner, including a quest for greater power, the Sith and the Jedi are exactly alike.
Tion says that the state of emergency will remain in place until the troublemakers have been sifted from the general population.
Jade is determined to finish off her Jedi prisoner -- once she's finished stripping him of his Jedi secrets!
Ben twists the angle of the hilt and ignites the weapon through Han's chest.
Vice-Admiral Holdo watches in horror.
Skywalker quizzes Rey about her knowledge of the Force, telling her that the Force is not simply a power but is the energy that binds all things.
He severs both of Dooku's hands, rendering him incapable of defending himself, and then holds him at blade point with both his own lightsaber and Dooku's weapon.
Following a brief shootout, a brief reunion ensues with Poe hugging BB-8. Rose leads the search for weapons and finds rusted ammunition and several old ski speeders.
DJ managed to unlock the inner chamber of the hyperspace tracker.
Leia and Luke rejoin their friends and colleagues as the Force ghosts of Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Anakin look on with pride.
As the Emperor prepares to deliver the killing bolts, Vader looks at Luke and then the Emperor, conflicted whether to save his son or to continue serving his master.
Biggs has left Tatooine and is on planet leave from the Imperial Academy where he is training to be a space pilot.
Ben tells Yoda "That boy is our last hope", however, Yoda answers back, "No... there is another..."
Centuries before the Clone Wars or the Empire, in the early days of the High Republic, it was an age of exploration in a galaxy far, far away….
Rey returns to her hut where she communes with Kylo Ren.
Obi-Wan and Vader's battle continue on as they tip-toe across some pipes.
He has a trick up his sleeve, one not seen since the end of the Clone Wars.
One of the most cunning and ruthless warriors in the history of the Galactic Empire, Grand Admiral Thrawn is also one of the most captivating characters in Star Wars.
When Antilles asks about Princess Leia Organa's whereabouts, a second gunner spots her.
While considering his fallen friend's legacy, Mace is surprised to receive a final message from Qui-Gon, marked to be delivered to Mace on the event of Qui-Gon's death.
Yoda tells Obi-Wan to study the technique Qui-Gon learned to achieve immortality.
Moments later, he falls backward and vanishes, having given his remaining life essence to Rey.
He demands once more that the droid give him the component and the droid complies before the Pitareeze Cruiser arrives in the hangar.
When Rey and Finn explain that they were going to take a droid named BB-8 to the Resistance because it has a map that would reveal Luke's location, Han and Chewie agree to help them.
At last. Snoke trained you well.
Can the Jedi find the missing Pathfinders and unravel the mystery of the monsters?
The voice of Kanan tells Rey that in the heart of a Jedi lies their strength.
Meanwhile, Greck is informing Torba that the MT-5 has been installed in one of the Greck Cruisers since their last meeting.
Kanos said they were not his friends.
Han returns to the Millennium Falcon, only to find his co-pilot taken hostage by the Imperial stormtroopers.
But the evil Captain Korda has set a trap for them! Will Milo and Lina be able to escape?
At the same time, in a Theed hangar bay, Darth Maul engages in combat with the two Jedi, using his double-bladed lightsaber.
Biggs quietly tells Luke that he has decided to join the Rebellion against the Empire.
By this time, Qui-Gon and Maul have become separated by a force field in the entrance to the Generator Room.
But Sloane, too, is on a furious quest: pursuing the treacherous Gallius Rax to the barren planet Jakku.
You were my brother, Anakin! I loved you!
On Naboo, Padmé's funeral takes place in a solemn ceremony in Theed.
The Jedi Council sends the two Jedi to accompany the queen back to Naboo, hoping to shed light on any Sith involvement.
Leia thinks her son is gone but Luke reassure her that nobody is gone.
When Luke frees them, he incurs the wrath of their tribe, the Ysanna.
Luke and Leia embark on a scouting mission, are pursued by Imperial troops, and fall into the clutches of a bounty hunter whose real target is Han Solo!
Rey walks to the edge of the hangar as Kylo extends an offer for Rey to join him in killing the Sith Lord and taking his throne.
Before more can be said, several squadrons of TIE/sf fighters and TIE whisper fighters enter the system, prepared to take down the Falcon.
The trio's quest takes an unexpected turn when they meet members of the Path of the Open Hand, forcing the heroes to put their goals aside to help the Jedi—and the galaxy—before it's too late.
Garyn's Nightsister bodyguard Mighella tells him that she senses a disturbance in the Force.
What's worse, Leia is pressed into service by Lady Tarkin, the angry, bereaved wife of Grand Moff Tarkin, who died aboard the Death Star.
Safely aboard the ''Millennium Falcon'', Leia, Han, and Chewbacca attempt to take Vima-da-Boda [sic] away from Nar Shaddaa, but the ''Falcon'' is caught in a tractor beam by an Imperial Star Destroyer.
Dispatched to the mysterious planet of Zonama Sekot, source of the fastest ships in the galaxy, Obi-Wan and Anakin are swept up in a swirl of deadly intrigue and betrayal.
He bellows orders to scramble the fighters, realizing that Poe wants to take out his cannons.
But if going up against determined and dug-in Separatist forces wasn't enough, the Jedi must also contend with a glory-seeking young Republic officer in their midst, Captain Kendal Ozzel.
Fearing that the entire population of the planet Kiros may have been forced into slavery, the team has traveled to the Zygerria system to attend the first slave auction in years.
The team soon discovers that their ship contains four stowaways—Jedi younglings Kildo, TepTep, and Jamil, and Zenny Greylark, a senator's daughter determined to find her sister.
When Ram discovers a trio of young Jedi living in the ruins of the city zoo, he finds himself in a position he never could have imagined: leader.
Meanwhile, Jedi Knight Vernestra Rwoh has been summoned to Coruscant, but with no idea of why or by whom.
And why wasn't Obi-Wan told that Qui-Gon is considering an invitation to join the Jedi Council—knowing it would mean the end of their partnership?
Rey is brought to Starkiller Base and interrogated by Kylo Ren, who wants information on the map to Luke Skywalker.
While the Jedi put up a fight, they are eventually overwhelmed by the Droid Army's numerical advantage and appear to be heading into defeat.
As Thrawn works to secure his place in the Imperial hierarchy, his former protégé Eli Vanto returns with a dire warning about Thrawn's homeworld.
Masquerading as interstellar entertainers, they infiltrate the facility and rescue the kidnap victims, including Doc and Chewbacca.
Instead, he sends Flynn out to meet his new Jedi Master, Z'meer Bothu.
The dark times have barely begun, and already Dass Jennir is so engulfed in darkness, he wonders if he will ever find his way back!
The fate of the galaxy rests on the courageous young woman Jyn Erso and her band of unlikely companions as they race to steal the plans to the Death Star before time runs out.
In the wake of the Great Disaster and the heroism of the Jedi, the Republic continues to grow, bringing more worlds together under a single unified banner.
Darth Vader and the Imperial forces set course for the Hoth system to set up the attack.
While Rey sleeps in her hut, Chewbacca roasts a porg over the fire.
Meanwhile, Allegiant General Pryde informs Kylo Ren that the Knights of Ren have tracked the "scavenger," which Admiral Frantis Griss identifies as a settlement called Kijimi.
He also reveals that it was he who coordinated the Rebels finding the secret plans and locating the shield generator so that the Alliance can fall into a trap of Sidious' devising.
On Coruscant, Yoda senses a terrible darkness in the Force as the slaughter continues (Qui-Gon Jinn's voice shouts "Anakin, Anakin, no!" during this scene).
Vader is outraged and questions Captain Antilles, whom he eventually strangles and kills.
When the Rebellion defeated the Empire in the skies above Endor, Leia Organa believed it was the beginning to a lasting peace.
Believing that this is the end, Finn attempts to tell Poe the secret he was going to tell Rey.
But the situation turns deadly when an assassin kills the Count, and Cross finds himself working both sides of the intrigue!
Rey implores Kylo Ren to order the First Order gunners to stop bombarding the Resistance fleet but Ren tells her to let the past die including the Jedi, Sith, Resistance and the First Order.
This scene was to come just after R2-D2 and C-3PO eject from the Tantive IV in an escape pod, and before the scene where Princess Leia is led captive before Darth Vader.
Anakin Skywalker, Ahsoka Tano, and a small band of clone troopers infiltrate the Zygerrians slaver home world, Kadavo.
Luke Skywalker's game-changing destruction of the Death Star has made him not only a hero of the Rebel Alliance but a valuable asset in the ongoing battle against the Empire.
Young Han dreams of someday soaring into space at the helm of his own starship and leaving his home, the gritty industrial planet Corellia, far behind.
As Han and Leia prepare to take their family once again into exile, for Jedi Knights - Luke Skywalker, Kam Solusar, Empatojayos Brand, and Rayf Ysanna - journey to Ossus to confer with the Ysanna Chief, Okko, about setting up a secret command base on the planet.
The planets Bespin, Tatooine, Naboo, and Coruscant also celebrate.
Upon arriving, Anakin tracks down his former owner Watto, from whom he learns that his mother has married a moisture farmer named Cliegg Lars, and travels to the Lars moisture farm.
Risen from the ashes of a shrouded past, the Jedi Master C'Baoth teaches Luke Skywalker new ways to use the Force, ways which allow him to control others.
The Resistance vessels escape by jumping to hyperspace.
Finn informs Rey of Chewbacca's capture and Rey uses the Force to try and pull down the troop transport that she believes is carrying the Wookiee.
Luke bows his head in sadness.
The malfunctioning Treadwell blows a fuse and is unable to follow.
Leia tells Rey never to be afraid of who she is.
Despite rumors of conflict between the Jedi and the Path of the Open Hand, two of the Republic's most powerful prospecting families announce a contest to chart new hyperlanes.
Koda kills the enemy's mount, and Xesh defeats the Force Hound when his opponent survives.
Luke finds a book on ancient Jedi Battle Meditation, a subject spoken of by Obi-Wan Kenobi, about which Luke has learned little.
Rey knows she must convince the Jedi to help bring down the First Order, or all might be lost.
Escalating guerrilla attacks by resistance forces and newfound evidence of a growing Separatist conspiracy are an immediate danger the Empire must meet with swift and brutal action.
Vjun, the four Jedi defeat the darksiders in a climactic battle ... and find Okko and his companions frozen in carbonite.
After Obi-Wan dispatches the droids around Grievous, the two engage in single combat.
In the first part of a three-issue story, the Republic's air superiority on the world of Khorm is rendered moot by storms of unnatural origin.
Meanwhile, the Resistance plans an attack of their own.
General Wessel orders the bomber captured via tractor beam, but Jax unhesitatingly makes his way to his personal shuttle, much to the consternation of Wessel.
As lieutenant after lieutenant falls under the swift blade of Maul's cold wrath, Black Sun pulls itself together to discuss how to deal with this new threat.
The Emperor has made a critical error, and the time for our attack has come.
The sound of the shot reaches Kanos and Jax below, and Kanos realizes what Jax had set up.
He confessed that he contemplated killing a sleeping Ben Solo upon discovering his corruption by Snoke but instantly relented when he realized that it was a passing moment.
His adventures will take him from Utapau to Jakku to Takodana and beyond as he learns more about the Jedi than he could have expected…and about his own place in the Force.
The search for those secrets will threaten the bond between Obi-Wan and Anakin…and bring the troubled young apprentice face-to-face with his deepest fears—and his darkest destiny.
He's on the run from the Empire, Echo's off on a mission with Captain Rex, and Crosshair is…still Crosshair, but amidst all the change, Hunter still has Tech, Wrecker, and Omega.
On board the Tantive III, docked at Naboo, Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Bail Organa sit at a conference table.
Kylo Ren orders his forces to take that "piece of junk out of the skies."
When Jyn Erso is eight years old, her mother is murdered and her father taken from her to serve the Empire.
At that moment, Kylo Ren establishes a connection with Rey through their Force-bond.
Tion allows Organa and her crew to leave aboard the Tantive IV without being searched.
As Rey approaches Exegol, a Sith Eternal officer alerts her superiors while Allegiant General Pryde orders the Sith fleet to rise to deployment altitude.
Rey asks Finn what he meant when he said that he never told her.
The message contains a last request: a plea to help the Outer Rim planet of Metagos.
Jedi Knight Vernestra Rwoh and scientist Avon Starros team up in an attempt to find a way through the Nihil Stormwall to save those on the other side.
Anakin tells Palpatine that his trust in the Jedi has been shaken and Palpatine deduces Anakin's distaste for the Council's mission to spy on the Chancellor.
After Luke tells him that he is looking for a Jedi Master, the being offers to take Luke to Yoda.
Yoda resumes fighting Sidious until they are taken the Galactic Senate Chamber, the heart of the Senate.
More and more, the Order finds itself focused on the future of the Republic, secluded on Coruscant, where the twelve members of the Jedi Council weigh crises on a galactic scale.
After taking the foodstuff, Rey heads to her home, a downed AT-AT, and prepares a meal for herself.
Anakin then brings his mother's body back to the homestead, where her funeral is held.
Finn ends the speech by saying that they are now taking the war back to the First Order.
Crippled by a malfunctioning navigation computer, Luke Skywalker and friends land on the nearest planet – a veritable tropical paradise – to make repairs.
Padmé is adjusting to being a wartime senator during the Clone Wars.
Knowing that Sebulba can't be stopped, the pilot leaves and returns to Haza, who had won the race.
Luke and Leia nearly run into a large chasm and are forced to swing across with a Grappling hook amongst blaster fire, with Leia giving Luke a brief kiss "for luck".
There, he meets with Vader and the two fight in an epic lightsaber duel, where Luke's undeveloped Jedi skills are no match for Vader's experience.
The resulting explosion sets the Supremacy's cargo hold aflame and interrupts Finn and Rose's execution.
The effort to create the projection was too much for Luke, and he collapses from exhaustion.
After Thrawn is rescued from exile by Imperial soldiers, his deadly ingenuity and keen tactical abilities swiftly capture the attention of Emperor Palpatine.
When Chewbacca the Wookiee finds out that a job he thought was just ferrying tooka cats is actually much more, he's excited to have something to do!
On Geonosis, Obi-Wan overhears a meeting between Count Dooku and the leaders of the commerce guilds and learns that they are behind the separatist movement and have built up a new droid army.
The rebels immediately realize that Vader wants Luke and has set a trap for him, using them as bait.
Jiir's forces stage a diversionary attack on the stormtroopers guarding the Tantive IV.
Six years after Return of the Jedi, the Rebel Alliance has established a New Republic over three-fourths of the galaxy.
Tall cylinders filled with a sickly golden liquid hold motionless, incomplete bodies with the mutilated visage of the dead Snoke, confirming the Sith Lord's earlier words.
Sidious uses Force Lightning to push the Jedi Master backwards into a pillar.
 Lord Tion allows Organa to land, believing that she is on a diplomatic mission.
During the lesson, Skywalker tells her to breathe and reach out with her feelings while touching rocks.
Time and again, the vicious raiders known as the Nihil have sought to bring the golden age of the High Republic to a fiery end.
And when he proposes to Leia, it's the first time in a long time he's had a good feeling about this.
Chewbacca also shoots down a Jet trooper just as Poe's speeder catches up with Rey's speeder.
Forced to head into the depths of the colony by a wall of TIE fighters, the Falcon destroys a number of its pursuers before jumping to hyperspace through one of the colony's walls.
The Separatists are led by Asajj Ventress.
Rose frees their fathier.
After being formally introduced to Poe, Rey laments Luke's death as she looks hopelessly at his broken lightsaber and the group's small numbers.
However, Pryde is not fooled and executes Hux for treason against the First Order.
R2-D2 and C-3PO use an escape pod in order to escape the ship and reach the planet of Tatooine below, narrowly escaping destruction by an Imperial cannon when the operators do not detect the droids in the pod.
Holdo wishes her comrades godspeed on the bridge of the Raddus.
Abandoning the arm, Obi-Wan leaps onto a hovering mining platform below, with Vader pursuing him back up the lava river atop a collection droid.
What should be a simple assignment quickly becomes clouded by deceit, and by visions of violent disaster that take hold in Qui-Gon's mind.
Anakin does not surrender, but then the clones' leader, Commander Cody, informs Anakin that Separatist reinforcements have arrived.
During the group's attempt to escape the planet, Chewbacca is captured by Espos (Authority Security Police) and taken away.
And, though she cannot know it, her decision has had ramifications for Jedi Master K'Kruhk, as well.
Upon discovering that they need a special Waiver in order to operate the Millennium Falcon within the Corporate Sector without running afoul of the authorities, Han Solo and Chewbacca attempt to get in touch with Doc, an outlaw technician.
Obi-Wan circles Dooku cautiously, the latter saying that his powers are far beyond Obi-Wan's and subsequently firing force lightning at him, Obi-Wan blocking it with his lightsaber and saying that he does not think so as Dooku ignites his curved hilted crimson red lightsaber.
However, Doc's daughter Jessa informs them that Doc has vanished, presumably abducted.
Vernestra Rwoh is a new Jedi Knight at age sixteen, but her first real assignment feels an awful lot like babysitting.
Before the stormtroopers can execute Finn, Poe, and Chewie, General Hux arrives and volunteers to terminate the prisoners himself.
The voice tells him that there is a way to merge with the Force and retain consciousness after death. In order to learn this power, Yoda declares himself an apprentice to the spirit of Qui-Gon Jinn.
This separatist movement, under the leadership of the mysterious Count Dooku, has made it difficult for the limited number of Jedi Knights to maintain peace and order in the galaxy.
Boba Fett's half-clone half brother Connor Freeman has stepped into a firefight!
To Luke's dismay, Han leaves after receiving his reward to settle his debts.
On the bridge of a gray-hulled Imperial Venator, Vader, the Emperor, and Governor Wilhuff Tarkin oversee the construction of a moon-sized battle station.
As they contemplate their options, the Imperial fleet, which they were led to believe was away, appears and an intense battle begins.
Vader is given new legs, a new arm, mechanized lungs, and other "replacement parts".
Ahsoka Tano, fan favorite character from Star Wars: The Clone Wars and Star Wars Rebels, will be the star of her own young adult novel.
Luckily, Han and Chewie come to the rescue once again – that is, until a false homing beacon leads them into a trap of stellar proportions!
Vader battles the Jedi guard and Trachta wreaks vengeance on a particular prisoner.
When the so-called Death Star is completed, Tarkin is confident that the galaxy's lingering pockets of Separatist rebellion will be brought to heel—by intimidation…or annihilation.
With the TIE fighters destroyed, they escape into space.
Luke, Han, and Chewbacca are brought before Jabba, exchanging relief at each other's safety as Leia struggles with Jabba to sit upright before him.
When he is successfully entombed in carbonite in a state of suspended animation, Vader hands over Han to bounty hunter Boba Fett for transportation to Tatooine to receive a bounty from Jabba.
This was also why the criminal gangs were able to track it down so quickly, and meant the First Order could track it as well.
The Resistance celebrates their victory while Leia, Chewbacca, and Rey mourn Han's death.
Believing that he is at the cusp of victory, the Sith Lord taunts Rey that her death will be the final word in the story of Rebellion.
They prepare to fight the beast but Rey notices that the serpent is injured.
n the fourth chapter of this epic series, Luke Skywalker discovers an ancient, powerful Jedi relic among the ruins of the planet Ossus.
True to word, Jax allows Sinn to escape alive.
After fixing the ship, Han questions Finn and Rey, wondering why they are fugitives.
Lando promises to Leia they'll bring her back the man she loves.
And Han Solo's old friends Salla Zend and Shug Ninx are returning to Byss, the Emperor's throneworld, in hope of recovering Salla's ship, the ''Starlight Intruder''.
Luke is dumbfounded and incredulous.
R2-D2 suggests that they explore the galaxy and have more adventures.
One such believer is Marda Ro, a young woman who dreams of leaving Dalna to spread word of the Path throughout the galaxy.
Finn realizes that Canto Bight is the haunt of wealthy war profiteers who sell weapons to both the First Order and the Resistance.
Finn and Poe propose taking out the tower in a joint air and ground assault.
Rey then flies away on Ren's TIE whisper, still shaken about her own actions and by her Sith lineage.
Sidious claims that Rey can save her friends by killing him and assuming the throne.
After extending the ship's drag flaps, the hangar gives out and breaks off from the rest of the ship, sending them into a faster freefall.
Anakin returns to the Jedi Temple and approaches Windu who tells Anakin that they have just been informed that Obi-Wan has destroyed General Grievous and so they are going to go to the Senate to ensure that Chancellor Palpatine gives back his emergency powers.
When Poe asks why Finn is keeping secrets, Finn replies that he will tell them when Poe discloses his "shady" things.
When the Jedi Order falls, an Inquisitor rise.
Anakin's face is revealed to have turned pale white and scaly, and his head retains some vicious scars after 23 years from his duel with Obi-Wan Kenobi on Mustafar.
Believing Finn and Rose to be a waste of blaster bolts, Phasma orders Executioner troopers to behead them with BL-155 Laser axes.
Meanwhile, after failed attempts of torturing Poe for vital information about the map of Luke Skywalker's location, Ren uses his mind probe Force power to pry the information from Poe's mind.
Leia takes charge, blasting a hole in a nearby grate and jumping through while Chewbacca, Luke, and Han all dive after the princess.
The Jedi are reeling from Qui-Gon Jinn's sudden death at the hands of a Sith.
After finally embracing their true desires and imbued with renewed purpose, Avar and Elzar devise a plan to turn the tide of the conflict with the Nihil once and for all.
Days later, while training, Luke becomes distracted when he finds that his X-wing fighter has almost completely submerged into the swamp.
And it will take all of their trust in the Force, and in one another, to survive.
All of your favorite characters from The Clone Wars are here: Anakin Skywalker, Yoda, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Ahsoka Tano, Captain Rex, Darth Maul, Count Dooku and more!
Apparently, the royals knew the codes, but didn't tell Han about it.
When she suggested that she talk to him about it another time, the Baron commanded her to leave and she complied.
Finn says that he will tell her later.
Obi-Wan calls out to Rey while Yoda urges Rey to rise.
At the Canto Bight police headquarters, Finn and Rose encounter the slicer DJ, who offers to help them disable the First Order's hyperspace tracker in return for freedom.
Captain Canady orders that the dreadnought's auto cannons be recharged so that they can target the Resistance cruisers.
The Jedi are forced to flee upon the arrival of two Destroyer Droids and stow away aboard two separate Federation landing craft leaving for the surface of Naboo to begin the invasion.
You're afraid... that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader!
Milo and Lina Graf, have located the mysterious Wild Space planet where their parents are being held by the evil Empire.
A powerful Sith you will become.
Beautifully illustrated, this unique treasury of in-world space tales takes readers to the far reaches of the Star Wars universe…including to the remote outer rim world of Batuu from Galaxy's Edge.
So Luke and the ever-resourceful droid R2-D2 swap their trusty X-wing fighter for a sleek space yacht piloted by brash recruit Nakari Kelen, daughter of a biotech mogul, who's got a score of her own to settle with the Empire.
Although Lando Calrissian (disguised as one of Jabba's prison guards) tries to sneak off with Leia, Jabba stops them and orders a Gamorrean guard to bring Leia to him.
In order to help his friend Bomo Greenbark, Jedi Dass Jennir has been forced into a series of questionable actions—and none is more potentially destructive than the one he now contemplates.
Grievous then sends a pair of his powerful IG-100 MagnaGuard droids after the Jedi.
Poe warns Vice-Admiral Holdo that they will eventually run out of fuel.
Vader replies that they will make the search legal and warns her not to think of fleeing Ralltiir.
Despite the powers of the Jedi and the military prowess of their clone army, the sheer number of fatalities is taking a terrible toll.
Just in time to celebrate the highly-anticipated re-match between Obi-Wan Kenobi and Darth Vader in forthcoming event Obi-Wan Kenobi, here are ten original stories about the valiant Jedi and the evil Sith.
When Naboo is invaded by forces of the Trade Federation, Queen Amidala and her handmaidens will face the greatest test–of themselves, and of each other.
As the firefight rages, back on D'Qar Leia has to sit down when she feels Han die through the Force, squeezing her eyes shut against the tears.
Han Solo leaves his homeworld Corellia behind and dreams of becoming the greatest pilot in the galaxy.
After five years of conflict, the planets Eiram and E'ronoh are on the cusp of real peace.
And by the time he finds out the smugglers are actually part of the fearsome criminal enterprise called the Spice Runners of Kijimi, Poe is already in deep.
With both the Holocron and Luke Skywalker under his control, there's no limit to what the Emperor can do!
For their own safety, Luke and Leia will be split up in hopes that the Sith will not sense their presence.
After exchanging pleasantries, Luke apologizes and tells Leia that he has come to confront Ren.
Kylo grows even more livid, using the Force to pull the officer by his throat across the room in order to choke him with his bare hands, and asking him what girl it was.
Several Resistance bombers are destroyed by a colliding TIE fighter, leaving Paige Tico's Cobalt Hammer as the last remaining bomber.
Nien Nunb and Kaydel point out that the Resistance fleet is outnumbered but Finn says that Lando and Chewbacca will go to the Core Systems and rally support for the Resistance.
At Starkiller Base, a planet converted into a superweapon, powered by draining the energy of a star, and capable of destroying star systems, Kylo Ren and General Hux are summoned by Supreme Leader Snoke, who appears as a large remote hologram projection.
C-3PO says that he is insane: in his view, droids are not supposed to have stirring existences.
However, the last remaining jet trooper shoots at their two skiffs, causing them to crash onto the rocks and throwing the Resistance team into the Sinking Fields.
The two droids are then sent to their quarters, where EV-9D9 harshly barks at the two when they explain what they can do.
When Malvander is not able to pay the full bounty, Fett takes a valuable neckpiece and leaves the planet.
Vader plans to use the only army available to him—the inmates of the Ghost Prison.
Supreme Leader Ren slams Boolio's bloody, decapitated head on a table and informs the council that they have a spy in their midst, but says that this traitor won't stop the First Order from becoming a true Empire.
Unfortunately, the bounty hunter Boba Fett had deduced the Falcon's escape method and had his ship jettisoned with the waste to stealthily follow the fugitives.
A Separatist movement led by former Jedi Master Count Dooku, alias the Sith Lord Darth Tyranus, is threatening the peace, causing the Galactic Senate to debate a Military Creation Act to form a standing army for the Republic's protection.
Upon contacting the wayfinder, she is confronted by a Force vision of herself as a Sith, resulting in a brief duel.
Sickened by this endless cycle, a sect of Jedi rebelled, seeking to control their own destiny and claim power in service of no master.
Jedi trapped behind enemy lines, including Avar Kriss, must fight to help the worlds being pillaged by the Nihil while staying one step ahead of the marauders and their Nameless terrors.
Acting under Sidious' orders, Pryde sends a Sith Star Destroyer, the Derriphan, from the Sith fleet to destroy Kijimi with its axial superlaser.
C-3PO chimes in that it would upset the Baron if he found out about this sale and Nak shuts him off.
Squadrons of TIE/fo fighters and First Order Transporters fly overhead as the crew hurries through the crowds to the fringes of the festival, eventually stealing a pair of skiff speeders.
But the arrival of the Jedi leadership is not seen by all as a cause for celebration.
As the death toll rises, so do the stakes for the future of the Empire.
He is then captured and brought up by Jabba's thugs. Jabba, furious, chokes Leia until she falls back on his stomach, and orders the prisoners to be brought before him.
Sidious assures him that Darth Tyranus's death and loss were necessary, for he would soon have a new Sith apprentice: one far younger and more powerful.
Shortly later, they are joined by the wounded Basso, who says that he has valuable information to share with her offworld.
Ben hurls the last Sovereign Protector aside with the Force.
Leia, having resisted being tortured with a Mind probe for the location of the Rebel Alliance's headquarters, is brought before Grand Moff Tarkin.
While the Falcon is traveling through hyperspace, Poe tells Chewbacca and C-3PO that he doesn't know why the First Order is not following them and that he doesn't trust them.
Tekka is captured and brought before Kylo Ren, who demands to know where the map leading to Luke is.
Skywalker is unconfident teaching Rey, but Yoda encourages him to pass on what he has learned.
The next day, Yoda reminds Luke of the things the young Jedi will see in his mind, the future, the past, and of friends he recognizes.
Darth Vader begins to breathe through his mask.
When Jedi Knight Reath and Padawan Amadeo Azzazzo are sent on a mission to test their theories about the Nameless, they'll come face-to-face with the terrifying creatures once thought to be myth–and learn the true meaning of fear…fear that fallen Jedi Azlin Rell advised them to embrace if they have any hope of defeating the monsters.
Karr reaches his breaking point.
To ensure this bounty hunting mission was not a trap set up by the guild, Sing intimidated her employer with a dagger to the throat, even drawing a splash of red blood to be sure the priestess would not fight back.
The scene belongs at the start of the sequence where Luke and 3PO search for R2, before the attack of the Tusken Raiders.
Xesh dispatches many of the Flesh Raiders, and when a Force Hound tries to attack Xesh, the Je'daii Ranger Shae Koda intercepts the Force Hound atop her rancor-dragon Butch.
Unknown to them, the Trade Federation is in league with the mysterious Darth Sidious, Dark Lord of the Sith, who secretly orders Gunray to invade Naboo and kill the two Jedi upon their arrival.
Poggle the Lesser entrusts Count Dooku with the early plans for the Death Star.
When the vehicles ultimately reach the pit, Jabba has C-3PO announce the group's deaths, but that he is willing to now listen to their pleas.
He attempts to follow but is thwarted when the bounty hunter notices and opens fire.
Rey, the orphan strong in the Force; Finn, the ex-stormtrooper who stands against his former masters; and Poe Dameron, the fearless X-wing pilot, have been drawn together to fight side-by-side with General Leia Organa and the Resistance.
DJ claims that it is just business but Finn disagrees.
They each jump at a chance to prove themselves in the perilous world of Corellia's criminal underbelly, only to discover they are on the same mission for the same unscrupulous boss.
In the meantime, Obi-Wan and Yoda go to the Jedi Temple, slaying several clones and walking in disbelief through the carnage.
Sidious, seeking to cut Vader's last tie to his old life and permanently cement the dark side in his heart, lies to Vader, telling him that he accidentally killed his wife while Force choking her.
Dark Lord or not, Fett isn't about to give up the prize.
However, Rey arrives and guns down stormtroopers with Chewie's bowcaster.
Wilhuff Tarkin enters the room with Darth Vader and informs them that the Emperor has dissolved the senate completely, sweeping away the last remnant of the Old Republic.
At the mention of Obi Wan, he wonders if she means his neighbor Ben Kenobi.
When Finn asks General Organa how Rey is going to find them, she shows him her cloaked binary beacon.
After devastating losses at the hands of the First Order, General Leia Organa has dispatched her agents across the galaxy in search of allies, sanctuary, and firepower—and her top spy, Vi Moradi, may have just found all three, on a secluded world at the galaxy's edge.
Aboard the Millennium Falcon, Obi-Wan feels a great disturbance in the Force while Luke undergoes Lightsaber training with a training remote.
It is Leia Organa's sixteenth birthday and she participates in the traditional ceremony where she declares her intention to one day take the throne of Alderaan.
As the crew of the Uhumele heads for what they hope will be a big payday, Bomo Greenbark learns the reasons why pilot Crys Taanzer hates not just the Republic and the Empire, but even the Jedi.
The Luke and Biggs sequence was part of the whole Anchorhead backstory on Tatooine, and was cut along with the other early scenes on Tatooine, probably for reasons of story pacing.
Yet as the shadows of doubt take hold, Iskat begins to ask questions that no Jedi is supposed to ask: Questions about her own unknown past.
They overhear Organa telling Antilles and her crew to allow Tion to search the Tantive IV but suggests using her father Bail Organa's clout to convince him not to.
Jyn dedicates herself to the cause—and the man.
He reveals to Vader's burned helmet that the light is pulling him in again and that even Snoke could sense it.
Stormtrooper Hock is exactly where he wants to be—under the command of the greatest warrior in the galaxy, Darth Vader!
Realizing the Resistance's plan to attack the navigation tower, Pryde orders a First Order officer to switch the navigation source to the Steadfast, saying that they will guide the Sith fleet out themselves.
Luke is quickly pulled out and the fight moves to the emergency platform.
Risen from the ashes of a shrouded past, C'Baoth may prove to be just the teacher Luke needs to deliver the final blow to Grand Admiral Thrawn's ailing Empire.
Freeman, who feels like he could use some protection himself, has been recruited against his will to find and protect a particular bounty hunter on a distant world—in Mandalorian space!
Rey sends C-3PO, D-O and BB-8 to find Poe, Finn, and Chewbacca.
She regrets to inform them that Admiral Ackbar and the Resistance High Command perished aboard the bridge of the Raddus.
General Domaric Quinn speaks up, dismissing the Sith loyalists as "a cult, conjurers and soothsayers."
As the Jedi struggle to curb the carnage of the rampaging Nihil, they come face to face with the true fear their enemy plans to unleash across the galaxy.
They swing to their rescue on the land skiff with Han, Lando, and Chewbacca, then use magnets to pick up the two droids from the sand.
Led by Chancellor Lina Soh, the spirit of unity extends throughout the galaxy, with the Jedi and newly established Starlight Beacon station at the vanguard.
But those who fly the Millennium Falcon throughout its infamous history aren't your average scoundrels.
The Imperial Army is in disarray.
Intent on fulfilling Qui-Gon's final wishes, Mace travels to Metagos and infiltrates the enemies of the Sa'ad.
But even if the Republic and Jedi forces manage to breach the Stormwall, how can the Jedi ever fight back against the Nameless creatures that prey on the Jedi's connection to the Force?
While on the run from vengeful smugglers and an angry pirate, Jules and Izzy will come to terms with who they are, and what they mean to each other.
Now, our Jedi must find the missing citizens, before Count Dooku can carry out his master plan!
After the vision, she finds Kanata standing outside the room.
Finn says that he will tell her later.
Milo and Lina Graf have picked up the trail of their kidnapped parents—but an ambush in the depths of Wild Space leaves them stranded on a desolate ice planet.
Phasma remains as virtually unknown as the impassive expression on her gleaming chrome helmet.
They are later bought by moisture farmer Owen Lars and his nephew, Luke Skywalker, a young farmer who lost his parents as a baby and hopes to one day be a starfighter pilot just like his friends.
Sent to investigate are Jedi Masters Cohmac Vitus and Kantam Sy, along with Padawans Reath Silas and Ram Jomaram, all fighting their own private battles after months of unrelenting danger.
The Baron says that it is nearby and demands that Greck show him his grandson before he gives him the MT-5.
Luke frees Leia from her cell, but the group are pinned down by a squad of stormtroopers.
Rey takes pity on D-O, who had been treated badly by his previous master and tells the droid that he is safe with them.
Following the disappearance of their Emperor, the Imperial elite, under the command of Darkside Executor Sedriss, initiated a series of assaults against the world in proximity to the Galactic Core.
Trust is slow to develop as they clash over their views on serving the Jedi Order, the galaxy, and the Force.
The Empire is desolated.
Leia yells at him and tells him that 'it's a trap!' Luke runs after his captured friends, hoping to save them, but wanders into the carbon-freezing chamber.
Ben soon runs into the Knights of Ren and fights them, but he is quickly overwhelmed.
Nonetheless, Greck and Xob catch up to them and Greck uses his blaster to shoot Balto's out of his grasp.
Finn, Rose, and BB-8 then flee the Supremacy, commandeering a Xi-class light shuttle.
Back on Phaeda, the local who assisted the visitor reveals his name to be Tem Markon and is a member of the local New Republic fighters.
With the help of their new allies, the Mon Calamari, the Rebels battle the monstrous sea worms of Daluuj.
But what are the Nihil's real plans?
Jax gains the upper hand and Kanos falls over the edge of the platform, barely hanging on by one hand.
Fire up the lightsaber, Luke!
Meet the noble and wise Jedi of the High Republic!
It's an opportunity to gain a critical edge against the Empire that's too precious to pass up.
Meanwhile, Finn attempts to bandage Chewie's arm, which was wounded while fighting on the Eravana.
With the recovered map from BB-8 displayed on hologram, 3PO reveals that it is only partially complete, and that the map matches no charted system on record.
Intrepid hyperspace scouts expand the reach of the Republic to the furthest stars, worlds flourish under the benevolent leadership of the Senate, and peace reigns, enforced by the wisdom and strength of the renowned order of Force users known as the Jedi.
Immediately after, Rey is confronted by Kylo Ren, who had tracked the Resistance team to Kef Bir.
The Rebels enter the heart of the shield generator, only to be taken prisoner by the Imperial forces.
Sidious takes Anakin as his Sith apprentice, bestowing upon him the Sith name "Darth Vader."
While attempting to prevent the Zygerrian auction of millions of Togruta people into slavery, Jedi Knights Anakin, Obi-Wan, and Padawan Ahsoka Tano have been thrown into slavery themselves!
Instead of going straight to Yoda, Luke is brought to the creature's hut.
He then returned to Quaffug palace, with the Jokhalli and the mercenaries captured.
Though initially unwilling to accept the help and claiming she must accomplish the task alone, with a small speech from Finn, Rey accepts their aid.
Back on Mustafar, the rest of the battle resumes.
Anakin confirms that the Jedi don't trust him, a fact that Palpatine expands to include the Senate, the Republic, and democracy as a whole.
To save both worlds, Jedi Knight Gella Nattai volunteers to uncover the culprit, while Chancellor Kyong appoints her son, Axel Greylark, to represent the Republic's interests in the investigation.
With Han and Luke now disguised as the two stormtroopers, the group storms a control room to figure out how to escape.
Meanwhile, Finn, Poe and Rose plug D-O into a navigation computer in order to access the information about Exegol to plan their air strike against the Sith fleet.
Aurra has a talent for being in the right place at the right time, and an appetite for those places in the galaxy where chaos reigns and bounties are plentiful… and challenging!
The next adventure in the High Republic, expanding the new era of Star Wars, with a story set generations before Light of the Jedi.
But a new enemy may make this path Leia's only option.
Han and Chewie speak with Maz.
Long before the Clone Wars, the Empire, or the First Order, the Jedi lit the way for the galaxy in a golden age known as the High Republic!
Luke and his droids are rescued by Ben Kenobi, who confirms he is Obi-Wan.
It was removed along with subsequent scenes of Luke and his friends in Anchorhead.
But even as the Emperor tightens his iron grip, others have begun to question his means and motives.
Rey realizes the First Order will soon be coming and runs off to warn her friends.
Such was the promise Grand Admiral Thrawn made to Emperor Palpatine at their first meeting.
Rose and Phasma exchange fire.
He also tells Anakin that the Jedi Order wishes to overthrow the Republic and that if he has suspected it, Anakin must surely have sensed it.
A day later, Han and company find themselves betrayed by Calrissian who was approached by the Empire just before the Rebels' arrival and threatened him and the city unless he cooperated.
First, the droids R2-D2 and C-3PO arrive with a holographic message from Skywalker asking Jabba to release Solo.
Meanwhile, Darth Sidious sends his apprentice, Darth Maul, to kill the two Jedi and capture the queen.
Solo explains that he was able to find the Millennium Falcon soon after it entered space because he and Chewbacca were scanning for its signature.
The main AT-AT, commanded by General Veers, prepares to take their aim at the Rebel base's main power generator.
R2-D2 uses his arc welder to sever the rope before turning it on the child, Nak Pitareeze, whom he shoots in the rear.
Now, as Thrawn's TIE defender program is halted in favor of Director Krennic's secret Death Star project, he realizes that the balance of power in the Empire is measured by more than just military acumen or tactical efficiency.
But now the tables are turned as the scheming Sith Lord, Darth Sidious, has sent his merciless enforcer, Darth Maul, to make sure that Black Sun stays out of his affairs.
The Sith vision abruptly growls and bares fangs at her, causing her to stumble outside the chamber and drop the wayfinder on the floor.
At first, Chewbacca resists the stormtroopers, but Han restrains him, saving his strength for another time.
This leaves Wedge Antilles and his gunner Wes Janson to make the first pass. They manage to topple one of the AT-ATs, which is destroyed as Rebel troops storm it.
Meanwhile, Salacious B. Crumb attacks the fallen C-3PO, and R2-D2 uses the same device he'd freed Leia with to chase the lizard-monkey away.
The Confederacy is being provided with newer and more advanced ships from a world that has claimed neutrality in the Clone Wars.
Will Han ever escape from the clutches of Jabba the Hutt?
In Snoke's chamber, Hux surveys the corpses of Snoke and his guards in disbelief.
Anakin Skywalker goes undercover as a slave trader - and Ahsoka is his slave!
Each issue will feature several chapters, each illustrated by a different artist, featuring the greatest tales of Chewbacca, narrated by the characters who know him best!
As Windu is deciding to kill Sidious, Anakin argues that Palpatine must stand trial: Windu disregards this, stating Sidious's control over the Senate and courts make him too dangerous to be left alive.
Even as Luke Skywalker searches for Jedi to join him in the inevitable battle, Grand Admiral Thrawn, the last of the Emperor's warlords, schemes with Joruus C'baoth to end the battle before it can begin.
While Resistance soldiers under General Caluan Ematt man the trenches and laser batteries, Poe, Finn, and Rose lead a charge with 13 old ski speeders to destroy the First Order assault force's massive siege cannon.
Feeling responsible and blaming himself for the failure, Luke went into exile.
But after Krennic rescues Galen, his wife, Lyra, and their young daughter, Jyn, from Separatist kidnappers, the Erso family is deeply in Krennic's debt.
Torba demands proof, so Greck encourages him to test it himself by hyperspace jumping to the Alderaan system.
The power and knowledge that ancient device holds could give him just the edge he needs to defeat the evil Empire!
Rey follows him through the rain back to his quarters, fingering her cloaked binary beacon.
Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker are present, the younger now wearing formal Jedi attire, and in his hair is a special braid: the mark of a Jedi Padawan.
Journey to Star Wars: The Force Awakens with this exclusive ebook short story featuring a quick-witted mercenary who takes big risks for bigger rewards—and now faces the challenge that will take her to the edge.
Waiting to herald the Empire's brutal reign with a burst of annihilation worthy of its dreaded name: Death Star.
Humiliated, Kylo storms out of the room to seek audience with Snoke.
Sidious arrives on Mustafar with a group of shock troopers led by Commander Thire.
The Force is strong with you.
Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE has secretly begun construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star.
That boy is twelve-year-old Anakin Skywalker.
Everyone—including Boba Fett—is after the young Count Dooku.
Luke and Leia defeat the remaining thugs on the sail barge, then Luke has Leia point the gun toward the heart of the vehicle.
It's been over a year since the fall of the Starlight Beacon space station, and both heroes and villains alike must face the consequences of their decisions.
After his adventures with Tanith Shire and the Serpent Masters, Luke rejoins Leia on Kabal just as the planet falls under Imperial attack.
Anakin walks Obi-Wan to a Jedi cruiser before he leaves.
Together, Cal's crew has brought down bounty hunters, defeated Inquisitors, and even evaded Darth Vader himself.
He dodges her blade before igniting his own crossblade lightsaber and leads Rey down a chute.
While Poe and Finn think that it will be difficult to find the wayfinder in the Death Star ruins, Rey uses the dagger to locate the wayfinder by aligning a plate hidden in the hilt with a specific part of the Death Star's wreckage, and discovering the two shapes match perfectly.
If the thermal oscillator were destroyed, it would de-stabilize the planet's core and implode the base.
The ship's sensor dish and rear cannon are crushed against the rocks, but several TIE fighters also collide with the rocks.
In Canto Bight, one is free to revel in excess, untouched from the problems of a galaxy once again descending into chaos and war.
Princess Leia Organa urges Han to stay with the Rebels.
Sadeet also said that the base at Collo Fauale might be saved by a surprise for the Imperials.
The group narrowly avoid a First Order patrol but the Knights of Ren have already tracked them there.
As the years pass and the war endures, Iskat's faith in the Jedi wanes.
Join Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Queen Amidala, and Yoda for one action-packed adventure after the next!
He is told by Prime Minister Lama Su that the military was ordered almost ten years ago by Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas— although Obi-Wan was "under the impression" that Sifo-Dyas was killed before that time.
Finn convinces a female starfighter commander to give the Resistance troop carrier covering fire while they attack the command ship.
Senator Padmé Amidala, former Queen of Naboo, intends to return to the Senate and vote against the Act, even though there are no longer enough Jedi to maintain peace and justice in the galaxy.
She convinces Han that his only chance of getting paid now is to help her in tracking down the slaving ring.
Luke senses his father as well and begins to believe that he has endangered the mission by coming.
Almost a full year after the events of The Empire Strikes Back,[5] Darth Vader lands in the docking bay of the incomplete second Death Star, which the Empire designed to be more powerful than the first.
For Syndulla and Isval, it's the opportunity to strike at the very heart of the ruthless dictatorship sweeping the galaxy.
The conclusion of the Skywalker Saga is finally here.
Through the rising flames and fireworks, Rebel fighters streak across the sky in celebration of one of the greatest Rebel victories in the Galactic Civil War.
Palpatine tells Anakin Clone Intelligence has located General Grievous hiding in the Utapau system.
Naboo Governor Sio Bibble suspects that an interruption of communications is a sign that an invasion from the Trade Federation is imminent.
Set during the Clone Wars, after Quinlan Vos discovered intelligence about a new Separatist droid, Aayla Secura, Clone Commander Bly, and the 327th Star Corps are sent to the muddy planet of Escander, where the Separatists had a base.
In The Squall, Vader and Danid duel with - Vader without a lightsaber, though - and Danid holds his own for a time.
With great difficulty, Luke managed to free Solusar from the dark side.
During the fighting at the castle, Finn wields the lightsaber to kill one stormtrooper before he is overpowered by FN-2199, a former squadmate of Finn's.
As yet another Jedi Outpost leftover from the Republic's golden age is set to be decommissioned on the planet Kwenn, Qui-Gon Jinn challenges the Council about the increasing isolation of the Order.
After a vicious confrontation with the Ganks, Leia and Han succeed in finding Vima in the deepest levels of the city.
Meanwhile, Anakin continues his task of protecting the Senator and is asked to escort her back to her home planet of Naboo.
When Wexley says they have not heard from the Falcon, Tico asks if he has to be pessimistic.
The two parties make plans to meet on the planet Ammuud, to investigate the slavers' connection to one of the governing clans there.
The young Rebel is about to find out the real story behind "The Paradise Detour".
Sometime later, in the midst of Rey's studies of the ancient texts she retrieved from the First Jedi Temple, the Falcon returns.
Before departing to Starkiller Base, Han and Leia embrace, and Leia pleads Han to bring their son home.
Reaching the surface, the droids jump off the edge of the sail barge and land in the Tatooinian sand.
Trapped in their benefactor's tightening grasp, the Ersos must untangle Krennic's web of deception to save themselves and the galaxy itself.
Greck rushed these defective ships to market as "Greck Cruisers".
The speeders try to break off but several are destroyed by TIE fighters, which also strafe the trenches, killing many Resistance soldiers.
Bespin was the final planet on the datapad, representing sky (gasses and clouds).
The Resistance is victorious, freeing Finn, Han, and Chewbacca.
Join Padmé Amidala, Anakin Skywalker, and Obi-Wan Kenobi as they fulfill their destinies!
Though Jedi distrust for the cunning killer who once served at Dooku's side still runs deep, Ventress's hatred for her former master runs deeper.
Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio continue their search for the kidnapped Luke and Leia on Gambler's World.
On the planet Kattada, Commander Karg's second in command Lieutenant Spilik orders his troops to stop wasting their firepower on the Tantive IV and to instead power up their Sentinel-class landing craft's shields and guns, and get ready to launch missiles.
Sidious is able to hold on to a senate pod, while Yoda falls to the senate floor leaving his cloak behind.
With the Infinity Gate, Skal'nas hopes to reverse the decay of his species' Force potential, and by doing so become the ruler of the Empire.
The Princess, the Scoundrel, and the Farm Boy takes a deeper look at these three heroes as they join forces to defeat the evil that threatens their entire galaxy".
Framed for a murder he didn't commit, Imperial Agent Jahan Cross is on the run from Corporate Sector authorities, and uncovering the secrets behind the mysterious "Iron Eclipse" project—all without the assistance of his missing droid, IN-GA 44.
A Pitareeze Cruiser, a starship of the Baron's design, is hanging decoratively overhead.
As the walls close in on the foursome, Luke desperately calls to C-3PO over his comlink asking for the compactor to be shut down.
Sidious betrays Vader by encouraging Luke to take his father's place at his side, but Luke controls his anger and throws his lightsaber aside.
Han, still half-blinded from the side-effects of carbonization, is sure that they are all going to die, and Luke tries to reassure him of their ultimate safety, but Han is not easily convinced.
Events have led Jedi Dass Jennir and his companion Bomo Greenbark to the planet Orvax—slave marketplace to the galaxy.
During the investigation, Obi-Wan is led to a mysterious planet called Kamino— missing from the Jedi Archives— where he discovers a secret clone army being developed for the Republic.
With the aid of a few emergency firespeeders they land, hitting a control tower along on one of Coruscant's industrial landing platforms.
Finally, he leaves and rushes after the four Jedi.
Spilik calls for his Commander.
Some people in Tun Wala would sell the units to the Empire as soon as they'd sell them to the Rebellion!
You've seen the movie The Phantom Menace.
Orders or not, alone and outgunned but unbowed, Twilight Company locks, loads, and prepares to make its boldest maneuver–trading down-and-dirty battle in the trenches for a game-changing strike at the ultimate target: the very heart of the Empire's military machine.
The rathtars provide a distraction for Han and Chewie to escape, but one catches Finn and drags him around the freighter.
On the jungle world of Ajan Kloss, which serves as the hidden base of the Resistance, Rey meditates solemnly, floating in the air alongside a number of rocks.
Skywalker reminds Rey that it was a Jedi Master who was responsible for training Darth Vader.
Anakin is confused and upset, feeling torn between two friends and loyalties.
Stupid as they are, they're also cold-blooded killers, and they're not foolish enough to disobey the Dark Lord of the Sith.
Han, Chewbacca, and Finn sneak into the main base and capture Captain Phasma, whom they force to disable the shields before disposing of her in a garbage chute.
So when a group of smugglers offers Poe a job piloting them off-world, it feels like an opportunity he can't refuse.
In hopes of commendation from his superiors, Malvander Bren leads a ruthless attack on the rebel forces of Solem.
Boba finds Freeman and saves him from bounty hunters.
Luke nearly follows Han's fate when he falls into the freezing chamber itself but manages to leap out of it with the Force a moment before Vader activates the freezing system. The fight continues.
Master Yoda turns down the idea, calling it mere murder, beneath the honor of the Jedi.
Lord Sidious agrees, saying that Luke would be a "great asset" and asks his apprentice if it could be done.
The remaining fighters pursue them regardless, and Poe begins lightspeed skipping through a number of systems including the Mirror-Spires of Ivexia and the Megafauna Chasm, whose dangers the First Order pilots are unable to evade.
But as danger draws closer, Han and Leia find that they fight their best battles not alone but as husband and wife.
But when a bounty is paid, and the crime lord who issued it still refuses to call off his vendetta, Boba Fett's own sense of honor is offended.
Standing her group, Rey fires at the second treadspeeder, causing it to explode.
The Force calls her to Maz's curio box, an ancient Wroshyr wood chest.
But the Corporate Sector also represents opportunity for those who are strong enough, brave enough, or foolhardy enough to try to carve a slice out for themselves.
Jahan Cross returns to his homeworld of Alderaan for a celebration hosted by Bail Organa in honor of the current Count Dooku.
As soon as Han and Leia depart their idyllic ceremony on Endor for their honeymoon, they find themselves on the grandest and most glamorous stage of all: the Halcyon, a luxury vessel on a very public journey to the most wondrous worlds in the galaxy.
Now, in the steaming jungles of Myrkr, Luke and Artoo are Jade's helpless captives.
Yoda appears just as Dooku is about to escape, and the two masters of the Force go head-to-head in a fierce battle of the force and then a lightsaber duel with Yoda using his acrobatic style and Dooku using his elegant style.
Before they can continue their conversation and escape, the TIE is hit by a missile fired from the Finalizer, sending it spiraling towards the planet below.
The Rogue Squadron snowspeeder group led by Luke commences the attack.
But Jango has never had a success that has affected him this way.
Luke plans to march into Detention Block AA-23, claiming that Chewbacca is part of a prisoner transfer.
He had deserted after his first battle because he didn't want to kill unarmed villagers, for the First Order.
Luke, meanwhile, manages to destroy another AT-AT by using his hoist cable and lightsaber to get into the belly of the transport, tossing in a thermal detonator, and then detaching himself from the cable as a series of explosions neutralize the AT-AT.
Meanwhile, the probe droid has spotted signs that indicate Hoth is occupied and sends a signal to the Imperial fleet, shortly before being shot at by Han Solo and Chewbacca and triggering its self-destruct mechanism.
On Crait, the surviving Resistance fighters regroup at the abandoned rebel base, which was once a mine.
Probing her mind, he discovers that she has seen the map he's been looking for all this time, and orders the First Order to pull out, saying they had what they came for and no longer need BB-8.
As several crises all hurtle toward their thrilling and shocking conclusions, fan-favorite Jedi Knights and Padawans must band together to save the galaxy from the Nihil, the Nameless, and perhaps worst of all, a mysterious blight that turns everything in its path to dust and is seemingly impossible to stop.
The implication infuriates Chewbacca, forcing Finn and Poe to calm him.
They are soon followed by a First Order fleet led by Snoke's personal command ship, the Supremacy, which has somehow tracked them through space.
Bail Organa leaves R2-D2 and C-3PO in the care of Captain Raymus Antilles of the Tantive III.
The reach of the New Republic is expanding, but the days of fighting for the galaxy have not ended.
Leia survives exposure to space by using the Force to fly back to the door of the Raddus' bridge.
Free of the Force lightning attack, Poe urges the allied fleet to make a final offensive against the Sith Star Destroyers, which have ascended into Exegol's upper atmosphere.
Elsewhere, Allegiant General Pryde discovers Ochi's ship in the hangar and realizes that there are intruders aboard the Steadfast.
As the tanks cause heavy casualties among the Gungans, defeat for the alliance seems imminent.
And when Dooku orders the massacre of a flotilla of helpless refugees, the Jedi Council feels it has no choice but to take drastic action: targeting the man responsible for so many war atrocities, Count Dooku himself.
Finn tells Poe that D-O can help them plan the Battle of Exegol and explains that D-O's former master Ochi had intended to bring Rey to Sidious on Exegol.
One of the Imperial commanders informs Vader that Luke's starfighter has arrived on Bespin.
In the streets and alleys of ravaged cities, the front-line forces of the Rebel Alliance are taking the fight to the enemy, pushing deeper into Imperial territory and grappling with the savage flesh-and-blood realities of war on the ground.
When Finn and Rey find themselves on the run, they must work together to escape from the evil First Order.
Kylo Ren, having emerged from the wreckage of his ship, advances across the desert and engages in a duel of the Force with Rey, each of them pulling the First Order transport to their side.
Skywalker refuses to come back but R2-D2 plays back the old hologram message from his sister Leia calling Obi-Wan Kenobi for help.
Since they can't get through the First Order security, they contact Maz Kanata, who is embroiled in a union dispute.
Following Yoda's advice, Obi-Wan visits Padmé asking where Anakin is and tells her that he has turned to the dark side and killed many Jedi in the temple, and also that everyone was deceived by Sidious who was behind everything which includes the war.
A terrible war rages between the Rebel Alliance and the evil Galactic Empire.
Still reeling from the loss of Chewbacca, the heroes argue about finding another way to get the job done, but in an act of self-sacrifice C-3PO voluntarily consent to the modifications, knowing that he will be lost in the act.
Mirith speaks with Kanos, and recognizes a scar across as his face as being a distinctive lightsaber scar.
The protocol droid C-3PO is hanging by a rope from a tree on the planet of Kalarba, caught in a trap by the child his counterpart, R2-D2, and he have been tasked with governing while his parents are away on business.
The two droids come up with some innovative plans to rescue their masters, but will they work against the scheming of Darth Vader and the mysterious Blackhole?
The most mismatched squadron in the New Republic Navy, led by his former mentee: the traitor Yrica Quell.
Shortly later, Supreme Leader Snoke confronts Hux via hologram transmission for his failure to block the evacuation and the loss of a dreadnought.
The lava below Vader then catches his leg, setting him on fire, horribly burning and disfiguring him, with Obi-Wan turning away from the terror, unwilling to kill him.
Luke and Leia briefly become separated from Han and Chewie when Han chases after a group of stormtroopers, only to run into a whole battalion and be chased by them instead.
Poe and Leia also send a distress signal to their allies in the Outer Rim Territories, seeking help.
Resisting his mental probe, Rey crosses blades with Kylo Ren, and a lightsaber duel breaks out between the two of them across two different locations, Kylo on the surface of Kijimi and Rey aboard the Steadfast.
Ben, removing his mask and seeming regretful and scared, holds out his lightsaber to Solo, asking for his father's help.
Vader uses the Dark Side of the Force, hurling everything that comes to hand at Luke: equipment, construction elements and furniture.
While cleaning R2, Luke discovers a short portion of the hologram.
Luke tries to use the Force, but to no avail.
Nak has an impish look on his face after the Baron's tale concludes.
As the majority of the Senate screams their approval, Padmé Amidala and Bail Organa, who are shocked at the result, simply look around and Padmé can only remark "So this is how liberty dies, with thunderous applause."
As the Falcon flies off, Luke reaches R2-D2 and his X-wing starfighter and finally departs Hoth.
The Star Wars saga begins!
Meanwhile, Han, Chewie, and C-3PO take off in the Millennium Falcon to find an alternate escape route to Hoth, but what they discover is a seemingly impassable route that would take them dangerously close to a gigantic stellar flare!
He accelerates his speeder, ignoring Rose's pleas.
Soon enough, the last of Jax's soldiers is dead, another body added to Kanos's pile.
Meanwhile, Rey and her team fall through the quicksand into a network of underground tunnels.
Claiming that the boy had tried stealing a Greck Cruiser, Greck demands the MT-5 in exchange for his return.
The Katana fleet, almost two hundred Dreadnaught heavy cruisers, were lost to hyperspace in the days of the Old Republic.
They run out and try to get the ship they arrived in so they can get home to tell the Baron not to meet Greck, but find the door to the hangar barred by Greck's henchman, Xob.
There, he finds a young Resistance mechanic, Rose Tico, mourning her older sister Paige, who perished during the bombing run Poe led over D'Qar.
They're greeted there by a perturbed Princess Leia, who, before they can so much as look around, has another potentially dangerous mission for the unflappable Luke, Han, and Chewie.
With plans for the invasion of Naboo in place, Sidious worries of his dependence on the Neimoidians and the Trade Federation.
Lando and company arrive too late as Fett's ship takes off, then engage in a fierce battle with stormtroopers.
Sensing his father's presence, Kylo goes to meet Han.
As survivors and refugees flee the Nihil's attacks, the Beacon and its crew stand ready to shelter and heal.
Kanos eventually found himself wandering the galaxy, contemplating and planning on how to kill Jax.
Rey is adamant despite Skywalker's warnings.
That particular lesson is driven home when he is told to enter a cave that is strong with the Dark Side's power.
During the battle, the Third Systems Army arrives under the command of CC-2224 "Cody." Obi-Wan manages to catch Grievous off guard and uses the Force to push the fiendish droid general into the ceiling.
From the jungles of Ryloth to the shipyards of Corellia, the shadow of the First Order looms large, and those with the bravery to face the darkness are scattered and isolated.
She tries to maintain her composure and balance to contact the Jedi that came before her and connecting to the Cosmic energy of the Universe, but ultimately fails and, with a sigh, lowers herself to the ground.
She is comforted by Han Solo.
Meanwhile, Rey socializes with D-O, who takes a liking to Rey and her friends.
Nak suggests that they take the Pitareeze Cruiser above them.
Ren tries, but is surprised to see Luke is still standing.
Snoke claims that he was responsible for the mental connection between her and Ren as part of a plan to find and destroy Luke; exploiting their emotions and desires.
Rey and Poe use the Skywalker blade and Poe's diminutive glowrod to guide them through the tunnels.
Ultimately, Vader severs Danid's right hand and kicks him into the pit to his death.
The Jedi reach the top, finding the captive Chancellor Palpatine.
In the midst of a perilous "Paradise Detour," Luke continues his hunt for the missing S'ybll, while being pursued by what appears to be his old foe, the Night Beast.
Obi-Wan continues to chase General Grievous on Utapau.
He publicly humiliates Hux by using the Force to spin him on the floor.
Their only hope rests with a lost legend: Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
Finn and Jannah, who have arrived, witness the lightsaber duel.
But while Qui-Gon has faced all manner of threats and danger as a Jedi, nothing has ever scared him like the thought of failing his apprentice.
During the confrontation, Sebulba reveals to the pilot that Jabba had ordered him to sabotage the race to increase the public's interest in it.
According to the fourth version of the script for The Empire Strikes Back, there is some extra dialogue concerning the wampas and a scene involving R2 getting chased down a hallway by one while the Rebels blast it.
Growing attachments, startling revelations, and a looming threat to both the planet and his new friends will bring Obi-Wan face-to-face with his worst fear: that maybe he was never supposed to be a Jedi at all.
Rey tells Luke that she was haunted by the dark vision and that she plans to exile herself to prevent that from happening.
Han defends the actions that offended Jabba (dumping a load of cargo when confronted by an Imperial patrol) and promises he'll pay the gangster what he owes.
A metalsmith, the Symeong Sith alchemist Albrekh, welds Ren's helmet back together as he looks on surrounded by his Knights of Ren.
Just as the spark of rebellion is rekindling, a mysterious signal broadcasts throughout the galaxy, with a chilling message: Emperor Palpatine, long thought defeated and destroyed, is back from the dead.
But as the eyes of the galaxy turn toward the Fair, so too does the fury of the Nihil.
Leia had surrendered her saber to her so that it would be picked up by someone who would finish her journey.
Rey asks if Babu Frik can help them.
One of the Rebels calls in the report saying, "We got it, sir, but there may be more," (talking to General Rieekan).
In its place rose the Galactic Empire.
Finn, knowing how much the pendant means to her, orders DJ to return it, to which the criminal tells him his philosophy: 'don't join.'
Finn watches as Rose hugs Chewbacca. Maz Kanata bestows Chewbacca with a Medal of Bravery, which Han and Luke were awarded following the Battle of Yavin.
Suddenly, Luke's speeder is shot down by the Imperials, and crash-lands in the snow.
Aboard the Executor, Admiral Kendal Ozzel dismisses the information as evidence of smugglers, nothing more.
However, this verbal exchange turns out to be a ruse for Poe to power up his X-wing's cannons for an assault on the dreadnought.
They are in Greck's starship lot and the salesman is trying to persuade Torba to purchase a Greck Cruiser.
During their struggle, Mace Windu arrives with his Jedi strike team, and they battle Dooku's droid army in the arena.
His plan is to react to the news that there is no MT-5 in the ship by accusing the Baron of sabotaging their transaction.
One of the Imperial commanders finally spots the Falcon, leading to another pursuit which results in the Falcon eluding the Empire by making the insanely counterintuitive move of attacking the lead Star Destroyer.
During the battle, Obi-Wan is rendered unconscious when Dooku uses the Force to hold him in mid-air by the throat before hurling him against a railing.
Wessel suspects this incident could lead to Kanos.
Out on a lone reconnaissance mission, pilot Wedge Antilles watches Imperial Star Destroyers gather like birds of prey circling for a kill, but is taken captive before he can report back to the New Republic leaders.
After exchanging blades, Kylo Ren manages to maneuver Rey towards a laser cannon.
At the same time, Leia breathes her last with R2-D2 mourning over his fallen master.
The Senate will decide your fate.
Obi-Wan arrives in Pau City on Utapau, and begins his search for General Grievous, riding a varactyl named Boga.
Treachery layered on treachery is revealed and Kanos answers it the only way he knows how - with violence!
Who will train him to become a Jedi?
Turning to his tauntaun, Han watches it collapse in the extreme cold.
When he went to confront him, Skywalker claims that Solo turned on him.
On Tatooine, Obi-Wan brings Luke to his new family: his uncle, Owen, and his aunt, Beru.
Relive all the classic moments-from Darth Vader's search for the Rebels' secret plans, to the Rebellion's triumph over the Empire, and every adventure in between.
Just as Vader opens fire on Luke from his personal TIE Advanced fighter, Han returns in the Millennium Falcon and attacks the Imperials, resulting in Vader's ship getting knocked out of the trench.
The history of the galaxy's greatest Wookiee concludes with stories from those closest to him.
Elsewhere in the galaxy, Bomo Greenbark and the crew of the smuggler vessel Uhumele are being pursued by the Empire, even as they head for a potentially dangerous rendezvous.
Their mission: infiltrate and eliminate the remnants of Saw Gerrera's Partisans.
Later issues will feature Luke Skywalker, Lando Calrissian, Princess Leia, Han Solo (of course!), and many more!
Han then confronts his son, Kylo Ren, calling to him by his birth name, "Ben".
Luke's new mentor, Jedi Master C'Baoth, is teaching him new ways to use the Force, ways that seem . . . inappropriate.
As the daughter of Darth Vader, Leia faces with distrust the prospect of any one person holding such a powerful position—even when supporters suggest Leia herself for the job.
Raith Sienar, a brilliant but unscrupulous weapons and ship designer, has the brains to decipher the Zonama Sekot ship design.
Luke Skywalker has returned to Pinnacle Base with Kam Solusar, a Jedi knight he rescued from the dark side of the Force and whose father, Ranik, was murdered by Darth Vader.
n fact, it was Luke's dream to follow Biggs to the Imperial Academy.
At the end, the pilot and the family leave Tatooine and Haza, knowing the secret, prepares to warn other racers about the sabotage so it won't continue.
C-3PO refuses to take part in the mutiny and heads to the door, which is being disintegrated.
The visitor finds his way to a local cantina, where numerous Imperial officers have gathered to discuss current events within the Empire.
Outside the bar, Zorii and Poe reminisce about old times.
As Lando Calrissian's Viper Automadon war droids attack the Emperor's citadel on Byss, they are met by an army of monstrous creatures bent on destruction.
He complies and R2-D2 takes the part out from his internal storage compartment.
On the battlefields of multiple worlds in the Mid Rim, legions of ruthless stormtroopers–bent on crushing resistance to the Empire wherever it arises–are waging close and brutal combat against an armada of freedom fighters.
But they haven't reckoned on Norra and her newfound allies—her technical genius son, a Zabrak bounty hunter, and a reprobate Imperial defector—who are prepared to do whatever they must to end the Empire's oppressive reign once and for all.
Since Greck is still recovering, he is able to take the Baron and R2-D2 with him to another hangar.
he group moves on to a stately dinner held in the Baron's factory that adjoins their home, where they are briefly greeted by a worker named Balto.
Flynn is approached by B'dard Tone and his Padawan, Codi Ty.
Jabba, engaged by the graceful gyrations of his collared slave girl Oola, starts tugging on her chain and commanding her to come to him on his throne.
Returning to the cliff, Poe and the others discover that Rey had commandeered a skimmer and taken it to the Death Star ruins with the intention of retrieving the wayfinder.
The time has come. Execute Order 66.
While the droids mingle with the orbaks, Poe and the others repair the Falcon with the help of Jannah.
Obi-Wan catches up to them, but is divided from his master by four force fields. When the force fields deactivate, Jinn and Maul continue their battle while Kenobi remains divided from the battle by one force field when they all reactivate.
Rey tells him that Resistance needs his help because of the First Order.
Now sixteen, Poe wants nothing more than to leave his home on the quiet moon Yavin 4 to find adventure in the wider galaxy, while his father wants nothing more than for him to stay put.
As he is wired up to the computer, C-3PO grumbles that he does not have the faintest idea as to why he agreed to this operation and thinks he must be malfunctioning.
He is greeted by Moff Tiaan Jerjerrod, but demands construction be put back on schedule in order to complete the Death Star on time.
Poe wonders how the Final Order fleet can launch.
But although Rey and her fellow heroes are back in the fight, the war against the First Order, now led by Supreme Leader Kylo Ren, is far from over.
An even larger battle erupts outside the arena between the Republic's clone army and the Droid Army of the Confederacy of Independent Systems.
When he is captured, learning of the enemy's cause—and who they're working with—only reinforces Hock's belief in the Galactic Empire.
After Obi-Wan calms himself, he uses the Force to leap out of the shaft and over Maul's head while summoning his fallen master's lightsaber to his hand.
General Grievous himself continues scouting the Calamari ship, and soon gets a report from a B1-Series battle droid, informing him of more lifeforms aboard.
After a series of staggering losses, the Republic seems to finally have the villainous Nihil marauders on the run, and it looks like there's light at the end of the tunnel.
Lando convinced Quaffug to join the Alliance, frustrating the leader of the Jokhalli, who wanted Quaffug dead.
During the fight, Obi-Wan is separated from his master by being kicked off of a catwalk.
Following the attack on the Jedi Temple, Vader returns to Padmé at the Senate Apartment Complex, from where the smoke rising from the wrecked Temple can be seen.
When Kylo discovers that Rey escaped, he throws another fit of rage, slashing at her empty restraint chair.
But this offer comes from the young Jedi to the Dark Lord of the Sith!
R2-D2 cuts open the net, setting them free, but the Ewok tribe discovers C-3PO and proclaims him to be their god.
DJ agrees to help in return for receiving Rose's gold pendant as upfront payment for his services.
Ren uses the Force to pass Skywalker's lightsaber to Rey and the two join forces as the Praetorian guards converge upon them to avenge their fallen master.
In the Jedi Temple, Obi-Wan, Mace and Yoda ponder Dooku's warning that Darth Sidious is controlling the Senate.
If they are to succeed, they will need the help of the greatest Jedi master: Yoda.
Greck abused the baron's trust by stealing the designs to the ship and creating a mediocre model himself before the Baron had even made a prototype.
Poe and his team return to Ajan Kloss only to learn from Commander Larma D'Acy that Leia has died.
With the support of the REPUBLIC, General Leia Organa leads a brave RESISTANCE.
Finn proceeds to insert the message into R2-D2.
The Jedi have always traveled the stars, defending peace and justice across the galaxy.
He later met Sinn who accepted to introduce him to Chief of State Leia Organa Solo and her brother, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
She then goes to Unkar Plutt to exchange her scraps for foodstuff, and he offers her a quarter portion for her salvage.
Finn and Poe realize that Rey is showing them the way to Exegol. Beaumont tells Chewbacca that they need him.
Meanwhile, in the hangar, a mind-wiped C-3PO haggles with the stormtroopers.
To his horror, one recording shows Vader dueling Younglings and then kneeling before Sidious.
Anakin tells Luke that his son was right—he did have good left in him, and asks him to tell his sister the same.
Meanwhile, Ochi's dagger leads Rey to Kylo's living quarters where she discovers Darth Vader's charred helmet.
The two arrived while the trainees fought in The Squall, a combat arena precariously above a pit into which anyone who fell would die.
Luke lands on the marshy planet Dagobah, swamping his X-wing in the process, and R2 is nearly eaten by a Dragonsnake, which later spits him out, finding him inedible.
Due to his programming, it cannot be retrieved without a complete redacted memory bypass, effectively a memory wipe.
The chaos of the Clone Wars and the darkness of Palpatine's Empire have allowed a smaller, more personal—but no less deadly—evil to flourish, and confronting it changes everything.
Anakin urges Rey to bring back the balance to the Force as he did.
Perfect for reading before or after seeing Solo: A Star Wars Story in theaters!
When the Empire clips his wings, Han goes rogue and plunges into the shady world of smugglers, gamblers, and con artists.
Luke declares he will never be able to get the ship out, seeing that it is too big for him to extract from the water.
Aboard the Executor, General Maximilian Veers notifies Vader that Admiral Ozzel has emerged from lightspeed too close to Hoth.
For Quaffug's amusement, Lando was given time to escape, before numerous mercenaries were sent to kill him for sport.
Zorii tries to collect a bounty on Rey, leading to a skirmish between the two sides.
Luke Skywalker's bold attempt to learn the dark-side secrets of Emperor Palpatine nearly ended in disaster for Luke and for the Rebel Alliance.
Meanwhile, on the world of Ganath, Han Solo has to equip his damaged Millennium Falcon with antique weaponry.
Through the Force, Finn senses that the navigation signal is coming from the Steadfast.
Anakin stops Luke and asks him to remove his mask so that he can look upon the face of his son, just once, with his "own eyes."
Anakin uses one of his fighter wings to knock some of the buzz droids off Obi-Wan's fighter, but one manages to crawl onto Anakin's ship although it is quickly disabled by R2-D2.
Thrill to the adventures of Luke and Leia, the swashbuckling Han Solo and his trusted companion Chewbacca, the dastardly Darth Vader, and the faithful droids Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio.
Han replies that he would do anything for him, but when he tries to take the lightsaber from Ben's hand, he resists.
While Marda joins a perilous expedition to Planet X in search of more mysterious creatures to use against the Jedi, Yana finds herself forming an unexpected alliance with the father of her dead lover in attempt to wrest the Path from the Mother's control.
As Rey lies on the ground, she repeatedly says "be with me", continuing contacting the Jedi spirit and connecting to the pure cosmic energy of the entire universe.
Rose is pursued by three TIE fighters but Rey and Chewbacca arrive in the Falcon, shooting them down.
Some time after 32 BBY, the Boonta Eve Classic's popularity has fallen in favor of swoop dueling and air rallies.
Before dying, however, Rekkon is able to leave the words "Stars' End, Mytus VII" scrawled on the Falcon's game table.
Luke makes his way to Bespin safely.
Jedi Master Mace Windu travels to a dangerous, remote planet on a mission that challenges even his deadly prowess—all to fulfill Qui-Gon's last request.
Of course they can: Jo immediately turns traitor and abandons his Resistance squad mates, and AG is taken away to be reprogrammed as a villainous First Order droid.
Kenobi also reveals that Luke has a twin sister, hidden from Luke at birth as protection from the Emperor. Luke senses that his sister is Leia.
The Sith Lord claims that he never wanted her dead and that he only wanted her to assume the Sith throne, stating that it is her birthright.
General Organa asks if Wexley can be optimistic, with Wexley saying that he hopes that things turn out to be great.
Grievous's arms split in half, allowing him to use four lightsabers at once.
Pulling away, Ben puts his hand on her stomach and uses the Force to resurrect her.
Relive the excitement of one of the most anticipated movies of all time with this action-packed retelling of Star Wars: The Force Awakens!
He also gifts Rey Leia's lightsaber, explaining that she would want her to have it and during the last night of Leia's Jedi training, she had sensed the death of her son.
We've decoded the intel from the First Order spy… and it confirms the worst. Somehow, Palpatine returned.
The team hurries to Ochi's ship.
When Greck tries to obfuscate ignorance, the man Force chokes him and announces that his personal assistants would arrive the next day and take the MT-5 by force.
Obi-Wan and Vader ride the collection arm down the lava river below, which falls over a molten waterfall.
Stuck on his isolated home planet, Karr becomes a collector of historical artifacts, hoping to one day find an object that will give him a vision about the secrets of the Jedi.
Obi-Wan gives his word that he will. Qui-Gon dies, leading to Obi-Wan to grieve for his deceased master.
Readers will experience these major moments through the eyes of two childhood friends–Ciena Ree and Thane Kyrell–who have grown up to become an Imperial officer and a Rebel pilot.
In the face of disaster, Shev orders an emergency retreat, disgraced at failure and terrified by the consequences of disobeying Carnor Jax.
Luke Skywalker encounters a menacing Darth Vader at the Iron Tower on Aridus, and a new friend posing as an old one gives his life to save Luke and the natives of Aridus from Vader's treachery.
An anonymous client has hired Bazine to track down an ex-stormtrooper and recover the mysterious package he's safeguarding.
General Leia Organa, who had been watching nearby, comforts the discouraged acolyte, assuring her that nothing is impossible and that she will be able to commune with the Jedi who came before her, as she hopes to.
An assault force of AT-ST's, Juggernauts, TIE crawlers, and TIE Interceptors bears down against the limited defenses of the Rebels.
Sinn also swears to find Kanos, and kill him once she does...
The shroud of the dark side has fallen. Begun, the Clone War has.
A local asks her name and, seeing ghosts of Luke and Leia look on, Rey gives her name as "Rey Skywalker."
As he descends into its depths, he hears the voice of Palpatine telling him that Snoke trained him well.
The medical droids work to save her babies—she has twins, much to the surprise of Bail Organa, Obi-Wan, and Yoda.
As the Imperial forces enter the Hoth system, General Rieekan orders full power to the energy shield that is protecting the base from orbital bombardment.
The newly elected Chancellor Palpatine arrives to congratulate Queen Amidala on her victory, as Nute Gunray is sent to stand trial for his crimes.
Star Wars fans can experience the successful first season of "The Mandalorian" with this audio book.
Moments before heading outside, Padame and Anakin confess their love to each other.
After all that has happened, can Bomo Greenbark find the strength to go on?
Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker must stem the tide of the raging Clone Wars and forge a new bond as Jedi Knights.
As the two delve further into their investigation, the lines between Jedi and Republic business blur, and Vernestra must rediscover what it means to serve for Light and Life.
Now, as they face the might of Keize's reborn juggernaut, they aren't sure they even have that.
Supreme Leader Ren and General Hux order their walkers to concentrate fire on the speeders, destroying several.
Elsewhere, Bomo Greenbark unleashes an unrivaled fury upon the captors of the crew of the Uhumele.
He sees the unconscious Ren and prepares to shoot him, but is forced to relent when Ren awakes.
As she pleads, Obi-Wan steps out onto the star skiff's boarding ramp.
Since the premier of the original film, Princess Leia, Han Solo, and Luke Skywalker have become iconic, larger-than-life characters.
However, the Cloud City administrator has other plans.
BB-8 completes the repairs and Poe takes out the last cannon before shooting down the two pursuing TIE fighters.
While preparing the podracer, the pilot convinces Saleen to use a dangerous force field generator to ensure a victory in the race.
Ten years after the events of The Phantom Menace, the Galactic Republic is in crisis.
As Grievous moves in for the kill, Obi-Wan uses the Force to retrieve the General's blaster and fires at Grievous's exposed organs.
Meanwhile, Chewbacca makes an attempt to rebuild C-3PO only to accidentally put the latter's head on backwards.
He visits Rey and agrees to give her three lessons, beginning tomorrow morning.
Desperate to save them, Leia conscripts Norra, Sinjir, Jas, and the rest of their team to find the missing smugglers and help them in their fight for freedom.
In exchange, he must complete a final mission: return to Exegol with the key to the Sith's glorious rebirth—the granddaughter of Darth Sidious himself, Rey.
The Zygerrians' head slaver threatens to kill all of the slaves unless Anakin and Ahsoka surrender.
Tarkin and Vader discover that Leia lied about the Rebel bases location when their forces only discover the ruins of a base on Dantooine.
Ten acclaimed authors imagine new tales for some of the most iconic Star Wars characters ever, from Luke Skywalker to Darth Vader, from Obi-Wan Kenobi to Darth Maul, and beyond, complete with beautiful spot illustrations.
Ren asks the Emperor what he could give him, and the Dark Lord of the Sith replies that he can give him everything: a new Empire.
The costs of war have never been higher, and even Obi-Wan Kenobi's desperate attempts to find a path to peace may come too late.
It's been ten years since the rebel hero Han Solo last encountered Fyzen Gor.
Jedi travel the galaxy, expanding their understanding of the Force and all the worlds and beings connected by it.
As they prepare to escape, they are caught by Jabba and his thugs.
Luke gets ushered off of a plank and into the sarlacc, only to Force-flip up through the air and onto the skiff.
Rose intercepts a transmission on every frequency from Sidious stating that "the Resistance is dead and that the Sith flame will burn."
Seeing Rey running down the hill, Finn sends Chewbacca after her.
Learning that Luke Skywalker and Kam Solusar are on the ancient Jedi planet Ossus, Emperor Palpatine orders his Darkside Executor Sedriss to bring back the two Jedi – alive.
While fighting the skiff pilot, Lando falls off the side of the skiff, and although he manages to hold onto a wire, one of the sarlacc's tentacles begins to pull him to his death, and Han and Chewbacca have to carefully rescue him.
Tion questions the purpose of her mission to Ralltiir.
She hands him Skywalker's lightsaber but he tosses it over his shoulder and walks away.
he reunited Jedi prepare to strike back against the ruthless Nihil in this thrilling sequel to Star Wars: The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness.
Finn proposes going back to base but Poe doesn't want to give up.
Despite being attacked by TIE/fo fighters and TIE/sf fighters, Poe calls upon BB-8 to fix the ship's cannons so they can take out the dreadnought's last cannon.
Poe finds an opening in the thermal oscillator and enters, while a following TIE crashes, unable to execute the same flight maneuver.
Nute Gunray and Rune Haako subsequently retreat in Gunray's ship.
One of Veers's men says, 'Look out! He's going to...' Hobbie crashes his fighter into the cockpit of Veers's AT-AT Walker, which is blown up, killing both Hobbie and Veers.
Amid the chaos, the Je'daii Sek'nos Rath saves his ally Trill and ferries her out of danger.
I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate. You have anger. But you don't use them.
As Poe hears the distress of his comrades on the comlink, he apologizes that he thought that they had a chance, but there is just too many of them.
Kanos mourned the loss of his friend, but was told off by Darth Vader, who sliced Kanos's helmet with his lightsaber - giving him the scar - and reminding Kanos that he ought never to underestimate the power of the dark side.
Years ago, she posed as a dancer in the decadent court of the late Jabba the Hutt.
It misses Luke and knocks the balcony down, taking Luke with it.
Organa says that they cannot afford to fail on this mission.
The Millennium Falcon is then pulled aboard the Death Star by its powerful tractor beam.
Leia mysteriously senses Luke's telepathic distress call.
Imperial Admiral Mordur has assured the Guildmaster that the "venerated ones" will die.
While the Congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain of events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy, to settle the conflict…
A proposition is made for Lord Vader and a powerful young Jedi to join forces and overthrow the Emperor.
One day, they will be three architects of the Rebel Alliance.
Only Windu remains, alone against the Dark Lord.
Meanwhile, Supreme Leader KYLO REN rages in search of the phantom Emperor, determined to destroy any threat to his power....
Thus begins a new assignment for Cross—one that will tear at his loyalties, strain his friendships, and bring him into close contact with his own estranged father.
Realizing the danger he was now in, Merkon attempted to flee but was intercepted and killed by Lieutenant Massimo.
They reunite with Rey, who had already escaped on her own.
Yoda remarks that he has missed Skywalker.
Now, in Star Wars: Thrawn, Timothy Zahn chronicles the fateful events that launched the blue-skinned, red-eyed master of military strategy and lethal warfare into the highest realms of power—and infamy.
She climbs the rock-carved steps to the top of the island, where she finds Luke Skywalker, with a grim look on his face. Both remain silent as Rey presents him with his father's lightsaber.
The peace of the Ascendancy, a beacon of calm and stability, is shattered after a daring attack on the Chiss capital that reveals no trace of the enemy.
Lando Calrissian's X-1 Viper War Droids have painted a target on the Emperor's citadel, but an army of monstrous creatures are making it their own mission to stop the New Republic fighters.
C-3PO chimes in, noting that Exegol is not on any star maps, but is described in lore as the hidden world of the Sith.
After all he's done, can Dass Jennir still call himself a Jedi?
Rey, Finn, and BB-8 attempt to flee towards a Quadjumper, but TIE/fo fighters destroy it.
He tells Rey to let the past die and to kill it if she has to, adding that it is the only way to realize her potential.
Proceeding with their plan, Finn, Rose, DJ, and BB-8 infiltrate the massive Supremacy.
Now, Inferno Squad must prove their status as the best of the best and take down the Partisans from within.
Tarkin threatens to use the Death Star's Superlaser on Leia's Homeworld of Alderaan if she does not tell them the Rebel base's location.
Upon being questioned by Obi-Wan and Anakin outside the bar, she is killed by a saberdart, fired by a mysterious man, before the Jedi can learn the name of her employer.
Faced with the worst storm in the ice-planet Khorm's history, Jedi Masters Plo Koon and Kit Fisto embark on an impossible mission—to destroy the Separatists' mountain fortress.
The Rebel base is now under direct attack and Imperial snowtroopers have entered the base, forcing Han, Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO to escape.
At the same time, it is revealed that the Knights of Ren have arrived on Pasaana, and are hunting them.
Meanwhile, the Rebels in combat over the planet Calamari receive aid from an unexpected source, and Luke falls deeper into the grip of the Dark Side!
Following the death of the cloned Emperor, the surviving Guardsmen gathered on Yinchorr to decide on a course of action.
The wayward warriors of Alphabet Squad will have to learn to fly together if they want to protect the new era of peace they've fought so hard to achieve.
Rey and Poe use the Skywalker blade and Poe's diminutive glowrod to guide them through the tunnels.
As an Inquisitor, Iskat finds the freedom she has always craved: to question, to want.
Guided by Vader's wayfinder, Rey flies Red Five through the obstacles around Exegol.
Her stand will also put her at odds with a pacifist young Alderaanian man who gives Leia her first kiss…and her first real loss.
Nearly two decades on from the Battle of Endor, the tattered remnants of Palpatine's forces have fled to the farthest reaches of the galaxy.
Will he reconcile with the Jedi and aid in their quest for justice and peace, or embrace the Path's promise of true freedom?
Back on Ajan Kloss, a memory–wiped C-3PO interacts with R2-D2, whom he does not remember.
Their mission: to track down and destroy the mysterious Shadow Wing, a lethal force of TIE fighters exacting bloody, reckless vengeance in the twilight of their reign.
And as the Battle of Calamari rages over the waters of that world and the Mon Calamari Rebels wonder when their savior Luke will shut down the killing machines, a battle begins above them that overshadows the outcome of their more conventional war.
With the might of the Expansionary Fleet at his back and aided by his comrade, Admiral Ar'alani, Thrawn begins to piece together the answers he's looking for.
Poe worries about Finn and Rose's mission and sends a message that they are running on fumes.
But who would care about the death of a man like Fett?
Rey and Poe work out that Ochi was heading back to his ship when he got trapped inside the tunnels.
After seeking C-3PO's advice, Poe decides to follow the vulptices, hoping they would lead them to a hole.
The conversation reveals that Jax bribed Palpatine's physician to sabotage his remaining clones after the destruction of Byss.
And when a mysterious stranger begins stalking the Arena, Rieve fears her troubled past has finally caught up with her....
For over a year, Jedi Masters Avar Kriss and Elzar Mann were kept apart by the Nihil's Stormwall.
Secreted on the Nespis VIII space city, Mon Motha and her generals vow to fight on.
Yoda is convinced it is dangerous to train the boy, but tells Kenobi the Jedi Council has allowed Skywalker to become Kenobi's apprentice.
Despite the risks, Poe, Finn, Rey, and C-3PO resolve to do it in memory of Chewbacca.
On Byss, Lando Calrissian's commando teams direct their powerful Viper Automadon war droids against the Emperor's citadel.
The Dark Lord uses the opportunity for Boba Fett to deliver Solo to Jabba the Hutt (to whom Han owed a debt) by testing the device on Solo himself.
Enslaving a weapons factory to design a device more deadly than the Death Star, the Empire sets its plans in motion—to destroy the New Republic once and for all!
Finn opens a drawer on the Falcon to get a blanket for the gravely injured Rose, revealing briefly to the audience that Rey stole all of the books from the original Jedi library and Yoda did not destroy them after all.
The General is contacted by Darth Sidious, who gives him instructions to move the Separatist leaders to a volcanic planet, Mustafar. He also explains that the war is almost over.
When Mirith returns to the base with Kanos, there is resistance from her lieutenants, such as Massimo, who argue that he may be an Imperial spy.
With the assistance of a young hotshot pilot, an Ewok slicer prodigy, the woman who might be the love of Lando's life, and Han's best and furriest friend, the two most notorious scoundrels in the New Republic are working together once more.
As the Imperial fleet orbits Jakku, an armada of Republic fighters closes in to finish what began at Endor.
Leia warns the Hutt that he will regret capturing the Rebels, but Jabba ignores the threat and licks her face.
On the glistening capital planet Coruscant, Padmé's new Senate colleagues regard her with curiosity—and with suspicion for her role in ousting the previous chancellor.
Han calls Jabba names and tells him that he'll not get any pleasure from their pleading, much to the Hutt's amusement, and Luke offers a final chance for Jabba to free him and his friends or die.
Han has a brief run-in with Greedo over his debts to crime lord Jabba The Hutt, which ends with Han fatally shooting Greedo.
Ignoring Han's pleas, Jabba has the captain thrown in prison with Chewbacca.
Stunned by the show of force demonstrated by the New Republic, Vivant proceeds to order reinforcements when they face the ultimate incentive to surrender: General Wedge Antilles commanding the Lusankya.
He also senses that Vader craves the continuation of his search for his son, Luke.
Unable to capture Jango, Obi-Wan places a homing beacon on his ship, Slave I, and follows him to the planet of Geonosis.
Meanwhile, on Endor, the battle continues, with casualties (Rebel, stormtrooper, and Ewok) already mounting.
Captain Roos Tarpals orders the Gungan Grand Army to activate their shield, which protects them from ranged attack.
Poe briefs the Resistance pilots about their planned air strike on Exegol, telling them that they need to take out the navigation tower that the Sith Eternal is using to guide the Sith fleet.
FN-2187 mans the guns, killing several of his former comrades in the hangar, and then disables the Finalizer's turbolasers on the outside of the vessel.
Leia is spotted by stormtroopers and they shoot her with a stun blast and bring her before Vader.
Written by one of the original High Republic story architects.
Mara Jade has survived for most of her life among the worst riffraff in the galaxy.
C-3PO, whose piloting abilities are already meager, finds the defective ship difficult to control and it begins to break down almost immediately: a control stick breaks off in the droid's hand.
Han Solo pilots the Millennium Falcon to Starkiller Base accompanied by Chewbacca and Finn.
But Anakin's chance to prove himself comes at a high price: the enemy ace is a friend.
Bast reports that the search for the missing droids has extended to Mos Eisley spaceport.
Soran Keize, last of the Imperial aces, has stepped into the power vacuum at the head of Shadow Wing, reinvigorating the faltering unit in their hour of need.
Now Emperor Palpatine, once Chancellor of the Republic and secretly a Sith follower of the dark side of the Force, has brought his own peace and order to the galaxy.
Following the discussion between Mirith and Kanos, the New Republic forces are moved into the mountain base at Collo Fauale, fearing a second Imperial attack.
However, C-3PO reveals that he has retained the inscription in his memory banks.
Classic Star Wars features the adventures of everyone's favorite Rebels during the period between the first and second Star Wars films.
With the shields down, Blue Squadron and Red Squadron led by Black Leader Poe Dameron commence their assault.
Luke says goodbye to his fallen nephew before his projection fades away, leaving Ren furious.
Vi, a Resistance spy on the run from the First Order, is hardly a welcome guest.
Unfortunately, in the days before the Trade Federation blockade of the planet Naboo, Lord Sidious becomes aware of a threat to his plans.
Oola fearfully resists him, and in annoyance, Jabba pushes a button on his throne, and Oola is dropped through a hidden trapdoor at the foot of his throne, into the hole of the rancor monster, which immediately devours her.
Leaving Haza on command of the podracer, the pilot jumps out and confronts Sebulba to stop him from sabotaging the race further.
While DJ is tinkering with the tracker's systems, Finn tells Poe to be ready to jump into lightspeed at his signal.
Obi-Wan meets Jango on Kamino and believes him to be the killer he has been tracking. He tries to capture Jango, which leads to a titanic one-on-one fight between them.
Leia and Han bicker about who is in charge of the mission, while Han muses no reward is worth dealing with Leia's scathing criticism.
At Vader's side, Hock witnesses firsthand the power and ruthlessness of the man-machine he has followed into battle!
They're street kids on the industrial planet Corellia, doing whatever it takes to get by, dreaming of something more.
For on a junkyard moon, a mysterious envoy of the Sith Eternal has bequeathed a sacred blade to the assassin, promising that it will give him answers to the questions that have haunted him since the Empire fell.
Vader arrives on Mustafar and is greeted by Viceroy Gunray, but the Sith apprentice quickly traps the Separatist Council in the bunker.
He declares himself to be a Jedi Knight like his father Anakin had been before he turned to the dark side into Darth Vader.
Rey and Ren continue fighting: Ren has taken even more wounds, from Chewbacca, Finn, and Rey, but even so initially holds the advantage, drawing on his rage to ignore the pain.
The galaxy's meanest bounty hunter made his debut in the Star Wars daily newspaper strips reprinted herein, featuring Luke and Han hunted on an icy tundra by the enigmatic masked man, Boba Fett!
Jax, however, sees her lie through the Force and slaps Sinn.
General Organa asks if Wexley can be optimistic, with Wexley saying that he hopes that things turn out to be great.
Upon waking up, Luke finds himself hanging upside down in a cave; his eyes opening to the sight of a wampa eating his tauntaun.
Centuries before the Clone Wars or the Empire, it is a dangerous time for the galaxy, and the Jedi of the High Republic must face their greatest trials yet….
He uses the Force to block her moves and gains the upper hand.
Bomo Greenbark and his companions have been imprisoned, enslaved, and tortured, but now Bomo has found a way out.
Luke senses the two youths – whose names are Jem and Rayf – are potential Jedi.
Meanwhile, Allegiant General Pryde orders the stormtroopers to kill Poe, Finn, and Chewbacca.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker and company have arrived on Tatooine in an attempt to rescue their friend Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt's desert palace.
But what's Tanith Shire doing alone on this mysterious outlying planet?
With Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda both dead, Luke Skywalker is in need of a new Jedi mentor -- and he finds one in C'Baoth.
Following the battle, Kanos shares with Mirith the events that transpired that brought him to Phaeda.
In an effort to show loyalty to the Empire, he hires bounty hunter Boba Fett to locate and kill his brother, Yolan Bren, who is the leader of the rebel forces on Solem.
They talk on the way there about C-3PO's loyalty to R2-D2 and to Nak, but C-3PO reminds Nak that he can do nothing else in the boy's case—he has been fitted with a restraining bolt by the Pitareeze family.
Back in Mos Eisley, Luke, Obi-Wan and the Droids run into a patrol of stormtroopers, who ask for their identification.
When Poe asks Lando how he defeated an Empire with almost nothing, Lando replies that they had each other.
C-3PO think that they are in the underworld.
The Jedi dispatch Obi-Wan Kenobi, one of the Order's most gifted diplomatic minds, to investigate the crime and maintain the balance that has begun to dangerously shift.
Rey and her friends then depart Ajan Kloss aboard the Falcon.
After the spirit ghost disappears, Han arrives to find an almost unconscious Luke, who is mumbling indistinctly about Obi-Wan, Yoda, and Dagobah.
Are there any Jedi left to guide Karr in the use of his abilities?
Knowing he would be punished and re-evaluated for not firing on the villagers, and with his faith in the First Order severely shaken, he decides to desert.
A brief scuffle with stormtroopers and henchmen sent by Jabba ensues, and the Falcon escapes Imperial Star-Destroyers over Tatooine and sets a course to Alderaan, unaware that the Death Star has just arrived there as well.
One year after the events of The Last Jedi, a broadcast using the voice of the presumed deceased Emperor Palpatine is transmitted across the galaxy, which threatens revenge.
Ren pleads with Rey to join him by his side.
Later, when Han is wondering where Luke is, he comes across the Rebels examining the dead tauntaun.
Then an unlikely ally radically changes the strategic equation–and gives the Alliance's hardest-fighting warriors a crucial chance to turn retreat into resurgence.
When Jedi Rael Averross, another former student of Dooku, requests their assistance with a political dispute, Jinn and Kenobi travel to the royal court of Pijal for what may be their final mission together.
The first planet was Hoth, representing liquid (water).
Like Yrica, each is a talented pilot struggling to find their place in a changing galaxy.
Yoda notices that several of their fellow Jedi were cut down by a foe wielding a lightsaber.
Back at the Resistance base, Poe, D'Acy, and Beaumont receive news of the destruction of Kijimi and realize that Sidious has a fleet of planet-destroying warships with Poe stating that this is how he'll finish the war between the Sith and the Jedi and the Rebellion.
BB-8 fires a colored smoke canister, blinding the pursuing treadspeeder and causing to crash onto rocks.
The Falcon also draws the TIE fighters away, shooting down several.
Meanwhile, to discover the truth, Rey, Finn, Poe, and the Resistance must embark on the most perilous adventure they have ever faced.
Now freedom seems like a luxury she can't afford while she concentrates on survival and despairs of ever leaving Corellia.
Meanwhile, from his office, Sidious broadcasts a command to Commander Cody and many other clone troopers spread throughout the galaxy: to execute Order 66, a protocol to kill all Jedi, to which the Clones comply (explained in seasons 6 and 7 of Star Wars: The Clone Wars).
After Avar makes a daring escape from inside the Occlusion Zone, the star-crossed Jedi are reunited.
From Star Wars: Crimson Empire, the untold tale of how Kir Kanos became bounty hunter Kenix Kil!
Both Obi-Wan and Grievous are thrown off as the speeder topples over the edge of Grievous's secret landing platform.
While BB-8 opens a manhole, Finn and Jannah provide covering fire, with Jannah using a crossbow to shoot down a Sith jet trooper.
After landing in Kijimi City, the Resistance team avoids a stormtrooper patrol, who are searching and rounding up local civilians.
Han says goodbye to Leia with a passionate kiss before he is escalated into the carbon freezing chamber.
Maz Kanata also senses Ben's death from afar.
Leading the charge are the soldiers–men and women, human and nonhuman–of the Sixty-First Mobile Infantry, better known as Twilight Company.
On Coruscant, Darth Vader waits for his Master to reveal his vision for the future.
Sinn and Sadeet determine that there must be a traitor within their ranks.
Meanwhile, the Emperor and his elite Royal Guards are facing other would-be usurpers—the secret, traitorous cadre of Imperial officers and their loyal Stormtroopers!
However, they are intercepted by a treadspeeder lying in wait.
Sensing Leia's death, Rey regrets her actions and uses the Force to heal Ren's wound, making it whole again.
As the sky breaks open and destruction rains down upon the peaceful alliance they helped to build, the Jedi must trust in the Force to see them through a day in which a single mistake could cost billions of lives.
While looking for a way out, the team is cornered by an aggressive serpentine vexis.
As Vader previously ordered, the Imperial ground forces, commanded by General Veers, land outside the Rebels' shield and march overland to destroy the power generator.
Realizing that Kanos is no friend of Jax and his forces, Mirith takes him to their hideout.
Out of the frying pan... just as Han Solo and Chewbacca manage to escape the wiles of Mystra and the arena of Raskar with the last of the legendary power gems... Luke and Threepio turn up missing.
The Death Star has been destroyed, but the battle is far from over.
And nestled within their swirling chaos is the Ascendancy, home to the enigmatic Chiss and the Nine Ruling Families that lead them.
Obi-Wan appeals to his old friend one last time, but Vader still refuses to see reason, forcing Obi-Wan to accept that his student, friend, and brother is corrupted beyond redemption.
Is this what it now means to be a Jedi?
Once they enter a transport, he reveals himself to be General Lando Calrissian, the man who destroyed the second Death Star at the Battle of Endor many years prior.
He finally meets up with Leia, Chewie, and Lando, who have been captured by stormtroopers.
Jax's sycophantic right-hand man, Blim, has also taken up a sniping position on a bluff overlooking The Squall.
It's finally time for some honest-to-goodness "Star Wars," as Luke Skywalker and Vrad Dodonna head for a climactic showdown in space with Darth Vader.
Eventually the clones discovers Aayla being interrogated by Asajj Ventress who reveals that they leaked the intelligence to lure and capture Jedi.
Since it is revealed to be metallic, Leia remarks, 'Then it couldn't be one of those creatures'—referring to the wampas, of course.
On Coruscant, Qui-Gon informs the Jedi Council of the mysterious attacker he encountered on Tatooine, coming to the conclusion that his attacker is a Sith, the latter being a religious order who were followers of the dark side of the Force and thought to have been extinct for over a millennium, much to the shock of the Jedi Council.
Sidious tries to goad Rey into killing him, telling her that by doing so all of the spirits of the Sith will flow into her, and they will become one.
After a mental struggle, Rey announces that she can sense fear in him - fear that he will never be as powerful as Darth Vader.
In Alexi Garyn's fortress on Ralltiir, Asa Naga tells the gathered Vigos about Maul's attack on Darnada, but Garyn assures the Vigos that Maul cannot defeat the gathered strength of their bodyguards.
However, Kylo Ren uses the Force to activate Skywalker's lightsaber, which impales and cuts Snoke in half, killing the Supreme Leader.
But more than just loyalty to the New Republic drives Norra forward: Her husband was turned into a murderous pawn in Sloane's assassination plot, and now she wants vengeance as much as justice.
Obi-Wan quickly beheads the first MagnaGuard with his blade, but the droid continues the fight, forcing Obi-Wan to slice the droid warrior apart before it deactivates.
Xesh and his Rakatan master are leading their ravening army to the temple of Anil Kesh and the chasm below—hoping to find a gateway to the galaxy at the bottom!
Learning that Rey has escaped on Snoke's escape shuttle, Ren frames her for Snoke's death, but Hux knew that he was lying.
Poe and Finn argue about going after Rey.
Hunter insists they finish their first mission and deliver the relic before taking on more work, but Phee and the others push forward with a second job: ferrying a couple on the run, one of whom is due to give birth at any moment.
In what seems like a lifetime ago, General Anakin Skywalker of the Galactic Republic, and Commander Mitth'raw'nuruodo, officer of the Chiss Ascendancy, crossed paths for the first time.
Their conversation shifts to Palpatine's knowledge of the Force and dark side, both of which he learned from his mentor (Plagueis), much to the shock of Anakin who starts to become wary of the Chancellor.
Frik tells everyone that he can unlock the message to be read, but in doing so C-3PO's memory will be wiped.
However, there are numerous elements that make the Rebels suspicious, not the least of which being C-3PO being found deactivated, dismembered, and almost recycled.
Poe wants to fix the ship first but Finn insists on going after their friend.
By now, the Resistance fleet is down to the Raddus and General Hux is confident of victory.
Luke demands that Jabba release Han and his other friends, but Jabba refuses the young Jedi's offer.
Shortly later, Lando and Chewbacca arrive in the Millennium Falcon, accompanied by a massive Citizens' Fleet, including Rebellion hero Commander Wedge Antilles, who compliments Lando's flying as he guns on the Falcon.
In another part of the galaxy, Luke Skywalker and Jedi Knight Kam Solusar are on their way to the planet Ossus, an ancient Jedi stronghold, to hunt for Jedi artifacts...
Lando in turn asks Jannah where she is from, and she tells him that she doesn't know, and Lando responds by saying 'well, let's find out.'
And Talon Karrde is the only man who knows where to find the lost fleet, which could either be an invitation to fortune . . . or a bargaining chip at his execution.
Later that morning, Luke leads Rey through a cave into the First Jedi Temple.
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi fly to Valahari to negotiate with the planet's rulers, but as events unfold, they find that diplomacy may have to give way to war!
Aboard the sail barge, Leia smashes the controls for the sail barge's interior lights, throwing it into darkness, and proceeds to strangle Jabba with her chain, killing him.
Vader is so impressed by their skill that he orders them sent to escort Governor Wilhuff Tarkin to the Death Star.
When he asks why she stopped his mission, Rose replies that they survive by "saving what we love."
From the ashes of the Empire has arisen another threat to the galaxy's freedom: the ruthless First Order.
However, a dying Leia calls to Kylo through the Force by his birth name, Ben, momentarily distracting him long enough for Rey to grab his crossblade lightsaber and stab him through his torso.
Luke does not want to believe what he heard and accuses Vader of lying, but he advises the young man to listen to his own heart, and thus understand that this is pure truth.
Windu and the three other Jedi Masters arrive at Chancellor Palpatine's office.
Don't miss the exclusive content in this thrilling adaptation of Solo: A Star Wars Story, with scenes from alternate versions of the script including Han Solo's time in the Imperial Navy, Qi'ra's past, the beginnings of the rebellion, and more!
Back aboard the Raddus, Commander Larma D'Acy informs the assembled Resistance that General Organa is stable but in a coma.
Anakin attempts to shoot the droids off, though succeeds only in blasting apart the wing of his former Master's vessel.
Basso responds that they have little choice since their people are being herded into camps and slaughtered.
Jiir confirms the team is ready and Basso wishes his older brother all the best.
Poe warns them that their mission is urgent because they only have 18 hours of fuel left.
For Han Solo, that means settling his last outstanding debt, by helping Chewbacca liberate the Wookiee's home world of Kashyyyk.
With time—and answers—in short supply, the Jedi must divide their focus between helping quell the renewed violence on Eiram and E'ronoh and investigating the Path.
Set years after Return of the Jedi, this stunning new action-packed adventure rockets us back into the world of Princess Leia, Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, R2-D2, and Luke Skywalker, while introducing a host of exciting new characters.
Suddenly, he sees the Force spirit of Obi-Wan Kenobi appear before him.
He asks his grandfather if it is true, and the Baron explains that he had once hired Olag Greck to manage the construction of the Pitareeze Cruiser.
Han Solo and Chewbacca return in an all-new adventure!
She then agreed to hear the details of her mission - find and kill Reess Kairn, a fallen Twi'lek Jedi who had killed his wife, turned to piracy and most recently raided the Great Temple on the Ffib homeworld of Lorahns, killing four members of the priesthood.
The Jedi close in on Grievous, though the wily General smashes a window with his fallen guard's electrostaff, and is swept outside.
In response to this stunning defeat, the Imperial Navy has authorized the formation of an elite team of soldiers, known as Inferno Squad.
Now back within close orbit of one another, the two Jedi Masters can no longer deny the bond that has always drawn them back together and made them stronger.
That afternoon, Vader enters a carbon-freezing chamber intending to freeze Luke Skywalker once he arrives.
Back on the Raddus, Poe tells Holdo about his unsanctioned plan to send Finn and Rose to disable the First Order's hyperspace tracker.
A peace-loving senator faces a time of war in another thrilling Padmé Amidala adventure.
Jax's plan is actually much more ambitious than the Council members know: he seeks to position himself as a new Dark Lord—with the aid of the equally ambitious General Wessel—and eventually ascend to Palpatine's throne.
Poe then hugs Finn. Shortly later, Rey returns aboard Red Five.
Rey senses a place beneath that is strong in the dark side beneath the island.
Holdo sacrifices herself to ram the Raddus into the Supremacy at lightspeed, cleaving it in two and destroying much of its escort fleet instantly.
The Dark Lord orders Lando to take Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO to his Star Destroyer, reneging on a deal he made with Calrissian.
Rey and her comrades manage to shoot the jet trooper, causing the soldier to crash against the rocks.
Leia is utterly shocked, but accepts the truth.
Meanwhile, R2-D2 launches Luke's newly built lightsaber from a hidden panel in his housing, and Luke catches it and begins to attack his captors.
After he ignites it, he cuts himself free and cuts off the attacking wampa's arm just in time, running out of the cave and escaping into the cold night of Hoth.
That night, Leia releases Han Solo from his carbonite enclosure, and after revealing her identity to him, she kisses him.
They break in once around the time of Han and Leia's argument in the hallway (see the picture below from the comic adaptation) and again when C-3PO and R2-D2 are walking towards the hangar and commenting about the temperature in Leia's chamber.
The Jedi decide to return to Coruscant to recalibrate the Jedi beacon calling for all Jedi to return to Coruscant, knowing that it's really a trap set by Darth Sidious.
He believes that the legacy of the Jedi is failure, arrogance and hubris because they failed to prevent the rise of Darth Sidious and his Galactic Empire.
A desperate and terrified Finn comes to her aid immediately.
As the Rebels manage to escape the wrath of Darth Vader and the Imperials while escaping to Hoth, they discover that the Millennium Falcon didn't make it out of hyperspace.
But, instead of a Jedi Knight, he is confronted by a cadre of bounty hunters who have come to the conclusion that ganging up on—and defeating—the Sith Lord will bring them fame and fortune.
It seems that appearances of unscheduled transport capsules have coincided with the destruction of Rebel bases, and just such a capsule has landed—on Tatooine!
Outside, Kylo Ren confronts his uncle personally in a lightsaber duel on the salt plain outside the base, and asks Luke if he has come to forgive him or to save his soul.
Soon after landing, the creature pulls Luke under the surface, but releases him and is scared away when the Imperials realize where the heroes escaped to and activate the compactor.
In gratitude, Solusar agreed to join Luke in reviving the ancient company of Jedi Knights.
The star skiff lands on Mustafar, and Padmé is greeted by a smiling Vader.
Holdo orders the guards to remove Poe from the bridge.
Their investigation leads them to the planet Gloam, a ravaged world said to be haunted by mythical monsters.
The two Jedi crash-land just before the door slams closed.
After leaving Crait, Chewbacca hugs Leia.
The Imperials (escorting the Rebel prisoners out of Bespin) are overpowered by Cloud City security, setting Lando and company free. Chewbacca turns against Lando for betraying Han and chokes him, but he manages to tell the Wookiee there's still a chance to rescue Han at the East Platform.
However, Hux leads the Resistance team to the hangar and convinces Finn to shoot him in the arm.
Zorii Bliss brings them through a back alley into Babu Frik's workshop in the Thieves' Quarter.
Ram and the others will have to band together to face their fears and protect the people of Valo as only the Jedi can!
Needing a pilot to escape, FN-2187 frees the captured Poe Dameron from his cell, and the two steal a TIE/sf fighter.
Back on Geonosis, Count Dooku tries to persuade Obi-Wan to join him, using the fact that he was once Qui-Gon's master, that Qui-Gon, if alive, would have joined Dooku and that the Republic and Jedi have lost their ways and must be fought against.
Kidnapped and dragooned into a hard-liner Imperial plot, Kir Kanos, the last surviving member of Emperor Palpatine's Royal Guard, has had enough!
For not only have the Nihil attacked the peaceful outpost, they have abducted Vernestra and Imri's friend, Avon Starros.
Like it or not, Rey is about to be caught up in something much larger than herself: a galactic war between the evil First Order and the fledgling Resistance.
Sinn, distraught over the sudden death of Sadeet, demands why Kanos did not return their help.
While the adult Jedi try to save the ship, Vernestra, Avon, Avon's droid J-6, a Jedi Padawan, and an ambassador's son make it to an escape shuttle, but communications are out and supplies are low.
A mining droid comes by the Jedi and they fight with their lightsabers.
Holdo volunteers to stay behind and pilot the cruiser.
Han Solo and Chewbacca volunteer to retrieve the gem, but don't count on being thrown to the wolves in the bargain!
Rey gains the upper hand over Zorri with her lightsaber and Zorii agrees to help them.
Plutt then sends two thugs to steal BB-8.
He threatens to begin cracking down on illegal activities Greck is involved in on Hosk Station if he does not and leaves him.
Who is committing these assassinations of Interim Council members and who within the Empire has the most to gain?
The simple answer scares him: Obi-Wan has failed his Master.
In this gripping sequel to Star Wars: The Rising Storm, the light of the Jedi faces its darkest hour.
Skywalker also has a brief reunion with R2-D2.
When our heroes stop off on the water planet Aquaris to meet with new Rebel allies, they find that at least one of those allies may be an Imperial spy.
This prevents the Imperials from sending a message to Fleet Command.
Ren takes off his helmet and shows her his face.
Rey is hostile to Kylo due to their last encounter.
Together they will face down a First Order battalion, terrifying flying creatures, and a weapon that could change the course of the war!
At first, Anakin hesitates but Palpatine firmly insists; completely unaware of Palpatine's true intentions, Anakin viciously decapitates the helpless Dooku.
Based on the intelligence given to Jax by Merkon, a squad of stormtroopers stake out Kanos' ship in the spaceport.
Although the Rebel Alliance has won a few battles against the Empire, hope is fading.
Back at Naboo, Anakin, with a new mechanical arm, and Padmé hold a secret wedding, with C-3PO and R2-D2 as the only witnesses.
They are forced to stay out during the night as the aircraft (snowspeeders) that the Rebels use for atmospheric flight had not yet been adapted for the extremely low temperatures of the planet and are therefore unable to mount a rescue operation.
Poe asks Finn about the landing team's progress.
The Outer Rim planet Dalna has become the focus of a Jedi investigation into a stolen Force artifact, and Zallah Macri and her Padawan, Kevmo Zink, arrive on the pastoral world to follow up on a possible connection to a Dalnan missionary group called the Path of the Open Hand.
Cliegg tells Anakin the horrible truth that his mother was kidnapped a month ago by a pack of Tusken Raiders.
Kenobi argues with Yoda about his promise to Qui-Gon regarding Anakin's training.
Not content with calling a man a number, Dameron names the trooper "Finn", from the FN in his name.
While Finn and Rey celebrate their escape from Jakku, the Millennium Falcon breaks down.
On an Acclamator-class assault ship near Alderaan, Master Ph'ton briefs several Jedi on their next mission: to accompany a fleet of cargo ships to Alderaan, in their starfighters, ensuring they don't get attacked by the Trade Federation.
But as long as he's trapped in a life of poverty and crime—and under the thumb of the sinister Lady Proxima and her brutal street gang—reaching the distant stars seems impossible.
They go to a different hangar and crib a Greck Cruiser instead, pursued by Xob, and take off, only to be chased by probes.
Padmé Amidala, Anakin Skywalker, and Obi-Wan Kenobi must fight an endless army of battle droids.
There, Anakin and Padmé find C-3PO, and the droid introduces Anakin to his step-brother Owen.
As Qui-Gon's faith in prophecy grows, Obi-Wan's faith in him is tested—just as a threat surfaces that will demand that Master and apprentice come together as never before, or be divided forever.
They talk about Artoo, Ben Kenobi, and how angry Uncle Owen is going to be.
Stellan Gios, Bell Zettifar, Elzar Mann, and others join the event as ambassadors of harmony.
The main AT-AT, being driven by General Veers, gets within firing range of the power generator, then successfully blasts and destroys it.
Skywalker tries to enter the tree but is driven back by the flames.
Until word comes of a suspected Nihil attack on the industrial cosmopolitan world of Corellia, right in the Galactic Core.
Meanwhile, a Rebel scheme for destroying Vader's private cruiser unfolds, with the legendary power gems of the Pirates of Iridium holding the key.
The Clone Army gains the upper hand, which eventually leads to the Droid Army retreating.
FN-2187 goes to help his squadmate, but FN-2003's wound proves fatal, and in his final moments, FN-2003 smears his blood on FN-2187's helmet before dying, deeply affecting FN-2187.
He pledges allegiance to Sidious, in return for the Dark Lord's power to stop death, in the hope of saving his beloved wife.
Jax, however, used the situation to his advantage and tortures her for information regarding Kanos.
If only they didn't have to deal with a cowardly Captain, who can't seem to keep out of trouble - and the Separatists' assassin, Asajj Ventress, who is on their trail!
He and his companions will have to fight off snarlers, sniffers, and their own fears as they try to recover a sacred book–and rescue Han Solo in the process!
When Sinn continues not to divulge anything regarding Kanos, Jax orders an orbital bombardment of Collo Fauale, the location given by Merkon.
Finding a kindred spirit in Ren, she reaches out through the Force connection to hold his hand.
Yoda counsels Skywalker that failure can be the greatest teacher.
But as Tarkin's fleet strikes with all its brutal power, Obi-Wan and Anakin sense a disturbance in the Force unlike any they have encountered before.
While following Skywalker up a mountain in the mist, she senses a voice calling to her from the Tree library.
Whether a princess or a general, Leia Organa is a force to be reckoned with!
She frees the droid and gives it directions to Niima Outpost and sends it on its way, but BB-8 insists on traveling with her.
Chewbacca tries to shoo them away but is struck by the sight of a sad-faced porg.
In the Corporate Sector, bargaining savvy, a fast ship, and a good blaster are equally powerful tools.
On the surface, on The Squall, Kir Kanos and Carnor Jax meet once again to fight for the last time.
With every world that joins the Separatists, the peace guarded by the Jedi Order is slipping through their fingers.
Unfortunately, Han's freighter, the Eravana, is boarded by two notorious criminal factions, the Guavian Death Gang and Kanjiklub, both of whom want their money back from Solo.
Flying in with TIE fighters and Atmospheric Assault Landers, the First Order swiftly assaults the castle and levels it, killing many of its inhabitants.
Danger stalks the Rebels in the form of the massive World Devastators, dark side machines that destroy everything in their path.
Meanwhile, Finn manages to tie a rope around the treadspeeder's engine.
Turning his anger on Obi-Wan, Vader accuses him of turning his wife against him, but Obi-Wan retorts that Vader has done that himself and let himself be twisted by Sidious' lies, becoming a Sith.
Yoda is hesitant to believe this, stating that the dark side is capable of creating fear and mistrust.
Rey flies the pod into the hangar where she is greeted by Kylo Ren and a pair of stormtroopers, who place her in binder cuffs.
This story reveals the events in the days and weeks just prior to A New Hope.
And none are more dangerous than Shadow Wing.
He and the clones rampage through the Temple, cutting down every Jedi that crosses his path, including swordsmaster Cin Drallig and even the younglings hiding out in the Council Chamber.
With the help of Poe, Finn, Rose, and BB-8 slip out of the Resistance fleet in a Resistance transport pod.
Padmé also tells him Obi-Wan knew about them together, wanting to help them & begs him to run away with her to raise their child in peace.
He returns to the star skiff and leaves the planet with the unconscious Padmé and her droids.
The crew of the Falcon finally meets the Rebel Alliance on the moon of Yavin 4, and the information in R2-D2 is turned over to them.
The fight appears to be even early on, but Windu gradually gains ground, slowly driving the Sith Lord out of the Chancellor's antechamber and into the office proper.
Set in the world of the High Republic, 150 years before the storytelling of Phase I, an era of change brings new hopes and possibilities…but also new dangers.
Jabba later confronts Han in the Falcon's docking bay, scolding him for killing Greedo.
What the mysterious stormtrooper wants is Phasma's past—and with it whatever long-buried scandal, treachery, or private demons he can wield against the hated rival who threatens his own power and privilege in the ranks of the First Order.
After crash-landing their stolen Imperial ship, Luke and his new-found companion Tanith Shire are captured and enslaved by the Serpent Masters of Tanith's home planet.
Starring at a computer screen, Poe realizes that Holdo has ordered the refueling of all the Resistance transports.
Shortly later, Poe and Zorii return with news that the Steadfast is approaching Kijimi.
At the surface of Exegol, the icy ground cracks and yields as innumerable Xyston-class Star Destroyers emerge from the frozen sea into the tempestuous sky.
With only their lightsabers, the dark side of the Force, and each other to depend on, the two Sith must decide if the brutal bond they share will make them victorious allies or lethal adversaries.
Then he reveals to Luke the devastating truth about his father
As Rey and Finn are sucked into the sand, Finn yells "I never told you!..." to Rey before they both sink.
The Sa'ad's leader, KinShan Nightbird, has begged for the Jedi's help in freeing Metagos from the crime lords who threaten to eradicate her people's way of life.
Luke Skywalker disagrees with the plan, but Mon Mothma overrides him and encourages Luke and Leia to continue their search for lost Jedi.
He carries a lightsaber, but claims lineage to no Jedi clan, and pledges allegiance to no lord.
MATTIS BANZ knows that he's meant to be a hero of the galaxy like the legendary Luke Skywalker, and when General Leia Organa's Resistance recruits him to join its efforts against the evil First Order, he finally has a chance to fulfill his destiny.
Vernestra Rwoh must rediscover her place within the Jedi Order.
Darth Vader is dead.
Their current target is the planet Calimari, which will be destroyed unless Lando Calrissian and the Rebel forces can reach it in time.
Yoda sets out to confront Sidious, telling Obi-Wan to "use his feelings" to find Vader.
Outwitting the Authority forces who have been sent by Fiolla's superior to detain them, Han and Chewbacca are able to collect their payment at last and depart the planet safely.
Leia believes Vader wants them all dead, but Lando tells her and the rebels otherwise and that he is after someone called "Skywalker."
Hiding on the ship, Princess Leia is able to record a holographic message with the help of R2-D2, and gives the droid the plans for the Death Star and the responsibility of taking the message to Obi-Wan Kenobi, a Jedi-in-hiding on Tatooine.
And it seems that his small family might have finally found a safe place to land, far from the increasingly vigilant eyes of the Empire: Pabu.
Having retrieved a tome, Rey speaks with Leia in private.
One officer, Captain Lorth Needa, tells Vader that they should consider their damage. Vader firmly replies that they will continue the search.
Solo urges Ren to return even though his mother is gone, stating that what she stood and fought for is not gone.
A collection of twelve exciting adventures from the Star Wars saga: the evil Count Dooku pits Anakin, Padmé and Obi-Wan against deadly monsters in a huge arena; droids C-3PO and R2-D2 are stranded on the desert planet of Tatooine after a stormtrooper attack; Luke, Leia, Han and Chewie try to escape from the Death Star; Finn, Poe and BB-8 team up to help the Resistance; Rey faces off against Kylo Ren in a lightsaber battle and much more.
Qui-Gon vowed to return if they ever required his aid, but now it falls to Mace to fulfill that promise.
But the device's creator, the volatile criminal Fyzen Gor, isn't interested in sharing.
Intrigued, Vernestra quickly finds herself pulled back into Coruscant’s complicated world of Republic politics and underworld crime.
Rose thinks that Finn is being selfish.
The target has sensitive information about Count Dooku's operation on Kamino.
While connected to the Imperial Network, R2-D2 discovers Princess Leia is aboard the station and is set for termination.
Obi-Wan later tells Anakin that the Council wants Anakin to report on all the Chancellor's dealings, essentially spying on him.
Greck then finds himself in the presence of Nak Pitareeze, who flew there with C-3PO's help to sell the MT-5 to Greck.
Leia sends Resistance pilot Poe Dameron on a secret mission to the village of Tuanul on the desert planet Jakku, to meet with village elder Lor San Tekka, who has obtained a map to Luke Skywalker's location.
As Sinn returned to the base, Sadeet met her and knocked out a Kubaz spy sent by Jax to follow her.
The general tells her they are working on it and then they are alerted to a "visitor"—the Imperial probot.
C-3PO informs the others that BB-8 has done a schematics of the cave and found that there is only one entrance.
For years the Republic and the Separatists have battled across the stars, each building more and more deadly technology in an attempt to win the war.
Sadeet suspects that Merkon may not be as trustworthy as they have all thought thus far.
The Resistance and the galaxy at large celebrate their victory against Sidious and the Sith Eternal.
She heads to the galactic capital of Coruscant for help, but gets sidetracked when she's drawn into a squabble between two of the Republic's most powerful families over a patch of space on the frontier.
You were the Chosen One! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them! Bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness!
After killing dozens of stormtroopers, Kanos takes down a TIE Interceptor with a single blaster bolt to save the lives of Mirith Sinn and Sish Sadeet.
When their petition to the Senate is refused, Amidala sees no alternative but to do just that.
Leia is awakened by one of Endor's forest creatures, an Ewok named Wicket W. Warrick. Suddenly, another scout trooper discovers Leia, but Wicket does away with the trooper before rescuing Leia.
But the months following the Rebellion's victory have not been easy.
The voice of Master Luminara Unduli calls on Rey to find the light.
Vader threatens to turn her to the dark side if Luke will not, prompting Luke to respond viciously in intense saber fighting, up to the point where Luke strikes off Vader's right mechanical hand.
BB-8 is hidden under a trash container.
Leia and her team of rebels must outwit the Empire, avoid perilous pirates, and escape from a volcanic island planet before it's too late!
Luke and Han discover Leia's helmet, then they, with Chewbacca and the droids, try to find her.
Kylo Ren flies his TIE silencer, accompanied by three Special Forces TIE fighters, which inflict significant damage on the Resistance fleet.
After a moment of speechless surprise, Han and Leia engage in a passionate kiss.
There, they will encounter a young Hutt on a mission, a stranger with mysterious motives, and the creatures they fear the most.
Hours later, Lok gives a victory speech to the remaining Je'daii, though Sek'nos Rath storms off in disgust, as he dislikes how the Je'daii are embracing the dark side.
It all comes down to this, a showdown over the Katana fleet.
The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku.
Ren activates his lightsaber and lashes out in a rage-fueled tantrum, slashing at an instrument panel uncontrollably.
Graduating cadet Tohm's first night as an Imperial officer has already seen him assisting Darth Vader in fighting a traitorous uprising, saving Emperor Palpatine from a deadly plague weapon, and keeping the peace between Vader and the cybernetic Moff Trachta.
Both the First Order, a successor to the fallen Galactic Empire, and the Resistance, a military force backed by the New Republic led by Luke's twin sister, General Leia Organa, scour the galaxy in an attempt to find him.
In the LiMerge Building on Coruscant, Darth Maul undergoes a trial by cutting through and destroying various droids who are attacking with lethal force.
Already uncertain about her future in the Jedi Order, Iskat faces tragedy when her master is killed and the Clone Wars engulf the galaxy in chaos.
Meanwhile, on Coruscant, the ranks of those plotting to kill Emperor Palpatine are thinned as the co-conspirators begin targeting each other.
Luke and R2-D2 arrive on Dagobah to find a terminally ill Yoda.
In their hands rests the new hope that could turn the tide toward a crucial Rebellion victory—if only they can capture the plans to the Empire's new weapon.
Although they put up a vicious fight, their mysterious visitor proves to be an unimaginably deadly warrior - Kir Kanos single-handedly slaughters the Imperial forces.
During the trip, BB-8 finds and reactivates the droid D-O on Ochi's ship, who requests a battery charge and befriends Rey.
Finn denounces DJ for his treachery but the criminal is indifferent to their struggle, remarking that "they blow you up today and you blow them up tomorrow."
Ren tells Rey that she knows why the Emperor always wanted her dead.
He orders Ren to remove his helmet, and upon seeing his scarred face—the result of his loss to Rey on Starkiller Base—he states that Ren has too much of Han's heart in him.
There he discovers that someone has knocked out Valo's communications tower - a frightening sign that Valo, and the Republic Fair, are in danger.
At the end, the clone distracts Ventress by activating the remaining droids and frees Aayla.
When fourteen-year-old Padmé Naberrie wins the election for Queen of Naboo, she adopts the name Amidala and leaves her family to the rule from the royal palace.
They jump quickly to hyperspace and return to D'Qar.
An unexpected offer threatens the bond between Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi as the two Jedi navigate a dangerous new planet and an uncertain future.
He is still concerned with saving his wife, and believes only Palpatine's knowledge will ensure this.
Upon seeing him, Vader becomes enraged and accuses Padmé betraying him for Obi-Wan
In the name of all the Jedi, Luke vows to hunt down the Emperor and put and end, once and for all, to his cruel reign over the Galaxy.
Hoping to catch the Jedi unaware, Lord Sidious and his deadly apprentice, Darth Maul, have planned and waited patiently for their moment to pounce.
Elsewhere, the ''Millenium'' ''Falcon'', repaired by antique Ganathan technology, arrives at a tiny settlement on exotic New Alderaan.
Meanwhile, Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie make good their escape from a bounty hunter – only to run afoul of the Imperial fleet!
WITNESS THE BIRTH OF THE RESISTANCE.
Upon arrival at Cloud City, Han's party is welcomed by an old friend of his who goes by the name Lando Calrissian.
But this ship has their friend and squad mate Jo Jerjerrod aboard as a prisoner, and J-Squadron won’t stop until Jo is safely back with the Resistance.
Despite their supposed victory, Leia correctly believes the empire let them go in order to track them to the rebel base.
Meanwhile, Ren brings the necklace to a First Order officer who recognizes the necklace as originating on Pasaana's Forbidden Valley.
Long before the First Order, before the Empire, before even The Phantom Menace…Jedi lit the way for the galaxy in The High Republic.
Upon besting them at divot, Lando was able to rally the support of the Jokhalli, convincing them he would assist in the destruction of Quaffug and use them to capture his pursuers.
This exciting audio story brings to life an epic clash between the Jedi Knights and their mysterious enemies, the Nihil. Burryaga, the Wookiee Padawan, and his fellow Jedi must save the day!
Han and Leia both have plans to trap the traitor by using Luke's droids as bait–but their plans may go awry when Luke and Han wind up in the clutches of a deadly denizen of the deep!
To further avoid the Galaxy Gun's deadly precision, the Rebel fleet is forced to disperse throughout the galaxy.
However, Palpatine is unable to finish his sentence as his hologram flickers out.
Anakin is angered by this and experiences inner conflict between his strong desires for her and his duties as a Jedi.
Not being able to sense Skywalker in the Force, Rey realizes that Skywalker has cut himself off from the Force.
Later, the crew departs Tatooine, all but Luke and R2-D2 headed for the rendezvous point near Sullust where the Rebel Alliance is assembling, while Luke and R2-D2 (in their X-wing) head for Dagobah to fulfill a promise to Yoda.
After defeating the small number of guards defending the ship, the Sith Lord Darth Vader arrives to assess the damage.
Upon her arrival on Coruscant, she narrowly escapes an assassination attempt that claims the life of her decoy, Cordé.
When Threepio arrives, Leia withdraws and walks away.
A young pilot whose family crashed on Tatooine and can't afford to make repairs to their ship to leave, joins the race at the suggestion of Saleen, an Er'Kit mechanic.
A chain reaction is set off, destroying the base and levels the entire planet's terrain - without the weapon to dissipate it, the stored solar energy begins tearing the planet apart from the inside.
Saw Gerrera, a man willing to go to any extremes necessary to resist Imperial tyranny, takes her in as his own daughter and gives her not only a home but all the abilities and resources she needs to become a rebel.
Before leaving to seek out the Master Codebreaker, Finn passes Leia's binary beacon to Poe.
Han Solo and Princess Leia have taken refuge with their twins on the planet New Alderaan.
Eventually, the mystery of the successive unexplained appearances of Tanith Shire, the Night Beast, and Ben Kenobi is solved... and as it turns out, S'ybll has some very sinister – and selfish – plans for the young Jedi.
Luke tries to make his way to Echo Base on foot, but he finds himself lost in the blizzard and collapses in the snow.
Palpatine takes Anakin back to some of the early political lessons Palpatine tried to teach him, about how all those who gain power are afraid to lose it and that includes the Jedi.
Another exciting audio adventure featuring heroic Jedi and their Padawans as they fight the nefarious villains the Nihil!
Luke and Vader continue the duel in the darkened rooms of Cloud City.
When Anakin asks what happened to Darth Plagueis, Palpatine concludes that Plagueis became so powerful that all he feared was losing his power, which he eventually did.
Shortly before the start of the Clone Wars, Count Dooku sends Jango Fett on a mission that will affect the course of Boba Fett's life some twenty years later.
General Hux dismisses this concern and compliments Ren, while General Bellava Parnadee says that she likes Ren's reassembled helmet.
As the movie and prequel trilogy ends, Owen and Beru, holding the infant Luke, look out to the horizon and watch the setting of Tatooine's twin suns.
When Han tries to escape with his girlfriend and partner-in-crime, Qi'ra, he makes it out—but she doesn't.
Marchion Ro, the true mastermind of the Nihil, is preparing his most daring attack yet—one designed to snuff out the light of the Jedi.
Before leaving, Phasma asks what to do with the crowd of captive villagers, and Ren orders them all slaughtered.
Finn and Rose are stunned by the Canto Bight police officers, who have them arrested for committing parking violation 27B/6.
No job is too dangerous for an Agent of the Empire!
For light and life! One year after the fall of Starlight Beacon, the galaxy is in chaos.
He tries to make a shot at Orrk, but can't because he might hit the royals.
But Luke will have to rely on himself, his friends, and his own burgeoning relationship with the Force to survive.
In this short scene, Darth Vader and Chief Bast walk along a corridor on the Death Star.
Obi-Wan tells Anakin to hold his fire as he's not helping. Anakin agrees it was a bad idea.
As the three other guards converge on him, Kylo kills two but is grabbed by one who traps him in a headlock.
The New Republic forces on Phaeda are under attack by Colonel Xexus Shev!
The Sa'ad practice the art of dream-weaving, retaining their waking minds upon sleep in order to communicate and coexist with the wild creatures around them.
From his introduction in bestselling author Timothy Zahn's classic Heir to the Empire, through his continuing adventures in Dark Force Rising, The Last Command, and beyond, Grand Admiral Thrawn has earned an iconic status among Star Wars' greatest villains.
She and her Padawan Imri Cantaros arrive at the capital along with Jedi Master Cohmac Vitus and his Padawan, Reath Silas—and are asked to assist with the property dispute on the frontier.
On Utapau, Kenobi is flung off a cliff by a blast from an All Terrain Tactical Enforcer, but he and Boga survive the drop, and Obi-Wan flees on Grievous's hidden starfighter; on Mygeeto, Jedi Master Ki-Adi-Mundi is gunned down by CC-1138 and the 21st Nova Corps; on the lush, tropical planet of Felucia, Jedi Knight Aayla Secura is murdered by CC-5052 and his 327th Star Corps; on Cato Neimoidia, Plo Koon's Jedi starfighter is shot down by Aggressive ReConnaissance-170 starfighters, sending it smashing into a clone staging area; and on Saleucami, Stass Allie's 74-Z speeder bike is destroyed by CC-8826 and his wingman, riding BARC speeders.
Jango makes use of his blasters and missile equipment, managing to defeat Obi-Wan by sending him plummeting into the raging sea below.
While Antilles wants to continue the battle, Organa overrules him and insists on tending to Ikova's wounds and moving the Tantive IV out of harm's way.
Anakin and Obi-Wan make their way through the flagship, using their lightsabers to fight through an army of droids.
Through the Force, Rey sees the island, the cycle of life and death, warmth, cold, peace, and violence.
After dealing with the slavers' attempt to commandeer the Falcon, and still in dire need of funds, Han and Chewbacca head for the planet Bonadan, where the slavers' leader was meant to meet his contact for payment.
He embraces Rey's body.
Back at the Resistance base, Major Temmin Wexley informs General Organa that they have received reports of a raid at the Festival of the Ancestors.
Yoda senses the youngster's failures within his mind.
Landing at the base of an enormous citadel, Ren ignites his blade and enters.
In his private quarters, Vader receives a holographic message from Palpatine, alias Darth Sidious, who alerts the Dark Lord to a "new enemy who could destroy" the Empire - Luke Skywalker.
3PO is ordered to be Jabba's interpreter, while R2 is tasked with working on the Khetanna.
Cadet Tohm, in the company of Darth Vader, Moff Trachta, and the wounded Emperor, has finally reached the mysterious Ghost Prison.
Luke narrowly escapes and runs down farther into the corridor.
Phasma reveals to Hux that this was FN-2187's first offense of non-conformity.
The Alliance is now free to attack the half-completed Death Star.
Leia remains silent beside the Hutt, despite her rising hope at seeing Luke.
Obi-Wan leaves on an eopie, heading to his exile in the Jundland Wastes.
On the close orbiting planets of Eiram and E'ronoh, the growing pains of a galaxy with limited resources but unlimited ambition are felt keenly.
She tells Leia that the late Jedi Master Luke had been searching for a wayfinder in order to reach Exegol.
Under Antilles' orders, the gunner fires at Commander Karg, scorching his arm and face before he can shoot Organa with his blaster.
After his daughter was stolen, Lando searched the stars for any trace of his lost child.
Yoda counters that it is time to look past "old books."
Working together they lead a daring mission into Nihil space to liberate the planet of Naboo, and show those trapped behind the Stormwall that the Jedi will never abandon them.
Meanwhile, on New Plympto, while part of the Imperial Fleet is there after the Battle of Half-Axe Pass, Commanders Vill and Appo discuss the stealing of a Nimbus Starfighter and a future mission on the world of Murkhana.
Anakin immediately disobeys Obi-Wan's orders to take Dooku together and rushes at Dooku, who fires Force lightning at Anakin, tossing him to the side to some rocks and knocking him unconscious temporarily.
Kenobi warns Luke to bury his feelings, for they could in time "serve the Emperor."
Snoke bids Rey to come closer, admiring Rey's strength and remarking that lightness has emerged to meet the rising darkness.
On a mysterious planet he encounters a pack of feral, Force-wielding teens who seem to be the planet's only inhabitants.
A few seconds later, with more effort from Sidious, Fisto is slain, killed by a slash across the gut.
Ren says that Solo is a memory, but Solo says that he is his memory.
The Jedi master stands up and pushes him backwards past the desk.
Gunray ends communications with her and informs his aide that they should disable all communications on the planet.
Vader invites the young man to reunite with him in order to destroy the Emperor together and rule the galaxy as a father and son.
The slavers are watching Fiolla and are now keeping their eyes on Han and Chewbacca as well, forcing the two smugglers to split up.
The reinforcements reinvigorate the Resistance forces.
Padawan Iskat Akaris has dedicated her life to traveling the galaxy alongside her master, learning the ways of the Force to become a good Jedi.
To survive, Vi will have to seek out the good-hearted heroes hiding in a world that redefines scum and villainy.
Hux questions the amount of firepower but Luke emerges from the blast crater completely unscathed and mocks the First Order's firepower with a brush of his shoulder.
Rather than invade Chiss capitals or pillage resources, this mysterious enemy strikes at the very foundation of the Ascendancy by widening the rifts between the Nine Ruling Families and Forty Great Houses below.
In the year before The Phantom Menace, Yoda, Mace Windu, and the entire Jedi Council confront a galaxy on the brink of change.
However, victory comes when young Anakin Skywalker accidentally takes control of an N-1 starfighter and goes on to destroy the Federation's Droid Control Ship from the inside, killing Daultay Dofine and rendering the droid army useless.
Deak, Windy, Camie, Fixer and Biggs all follow Luke outside to see the battle with Luke's macrobinoculars.
The Falcon leads the pursuing TIE fighters into a canyon.
Ren tells Rey that he knows the rest of the story about her origins but Rey claims that he is lying.
Snoke says that he warned Kylo Ren that as his powers grew stronger, so would his equal in the light.
But as he follows the instructions on his way to meet the contact, he is closely monitored by Blackhole's personal cadre of stormtroopers!
Later that evening, Skywalker explains that now that the Jedi are extinct, they are deified and romanticized.
Nute Gunray, hearing reports of the Grand Army's assembly, informs Darth Sidious; Sidious orders Gunray to wipe out both the Gungans and the Naboo as the Trade Federation prepares for battle.
Will it be enough to escape from Boba Fett?
BB-8, still disguised, is able to evade capture.
For such an important mission, Vader cannot rely on a single operative… nor can he allow that operative to walk away alive!
Rey reassures Luke that the galaxy made him a legend and that she needs his help to find her place in this.
Recounting his version of his falling out with Skywalker.
Rey confides in Finn that she sensed that her parents were on Ochi's ship through the Force.
Despite the efforts of the Expansionary Defense Fleet, the Ascendancy slips closer and closer toward civil war.
It seems there are more secrets on Zonama Sekot than meet the eye.
I will never train another generation of Jedi. I came to this island to die. It's time for the Jedi...to end.
Finn tells Rey that this doesn't sound like her but Rey responds that nobody knows her.
He offers to step aside when Luke arrives, but she tells Han that Luke is her brother.
Near the Cron Drift, in the derelict space city Nespis VIII, Luke discovered the fallen Jedi Kam Solusar.
While eating dinner with Owen and his Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars, Owen asks Luke to take R2 to Anchorhead the next day to have his memory wiped, and expresses his hope Luke will stay with them for one more harvest season before applying to the Academy.
 Moff Vordur was expecting a large Rebel cruiser.
Evading the dreaded Imperial Starfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Luke Skywalker has established a new secret base on the remote ice world of Hoth.
But it's been years since anyone has heard from the last of the Jedi—Luke Skywalker.
Palpatine notes the irony of how Plagueis could keep others from dying, but not himself.
If I told you half the things I've heard about this Jabba the Hutt… you'd probably short-circuit.
Harra might be able to help Dec and Sari save their friends, but bargaining with a Hutt rarely goes as planned.
The Jedi and their clone forces battle through the droids and rescue Quiyyen, but T'chooka is killed by Grievous in the process.
Milo and Lina must trust their fate to their fellow prisoners.
Ways commonly used on the dark side of the Force.
Using the information learned from C-3PO's translation of the dagger's writing, the Resistance team takes the Millennium Falcon to the ocean moon of Kef Bir in the Endor system.
After arguing and going their separate ways for a while, the droids are individually picked up by Jawa traders and brought aboard a Sandcrawler.
He also admits that he lied about being in the Resistance.
Jax, who perceives himself to be the next Darth Vader—and, ultimately, Emperor—focuses all effort on killing Kir Kanos...
Across the galaxy, the Jedi Generals find themselves being betrayed and murdered by their clone troopers.
However, after explaining his plans, Skal'nas then executes Ceh'let with Force lightning as punishment for challenging him.
Initially, Ren is able to see into Rey's mind, mentioning an island surrounded by water.
Finn picks it up.
Anakin reacts angrily at this perceived slight, but is quickly shut down by Mace Windu.
The ultimate enforcer, Darth Maul, continues his single-handed decimation of the ranks of the galactic crime syndicate Black Sun.
Vader suggests that if Luke could be turned, he would be a "powerful ally".
Later, Chewbacca has befriended several porgs, who have made their home aboard the Falcon.
Zev Senesca, one of the pilots in Rogue Group, makes contact with Han over comlink and the pair are rescued.
As one promotion follows another in his rapid ascension to greater power, he schools his trusted aide, Ensign Eli Vanto, in the arts of combat and leadership, and the secrets of claiming victory.
But every attempt to breach the Stormwall has failed, and even communication across the barrier is impossible.
The Supreme Leader slaughters many Alazmec cultists alongside his stormtroopers before retrieving the device and slotting it into his TIE whisper, allowing its dark power to lead him through the crimson nebula that surrounds the fabled Sith world of Exegol.
As Rey draws Luke's lightsaber, Sidious implores her to strike him down, ending the Jedi and rebirthing the Sith.
Kylo Ren cuts a swath of destruction across the stars, determined to discover any challenge to his control over the First Order and his destiny to rule over the galaxy—and crush it completely.
Boba Fett has finally caught up to his quarry, but so have Darth Vader's mercenary cronies.
Finn promises to return.
When a distress plea goes up from the isolated planet Minfar, Resistance heroes Rey, Poe and Rose hear the call!
Finn and Rose learn that DJ has sold them out for his own freedom and financial gain.
Sidious then orders Pryde to send a ship to a world that is familiar to Rey and her friends and let it burn, saying the Final Order begins and that Rey will come to Exegol and the Resistance will follow.
Using the ship's top hatch, Lando manages to catch Luke once the wounded Jedi drops himself to the Falcon positioned beneath him, and the ship flees as TIE Fighters race toward them.
The Empire takes Luke into custody for transportation to the Death Star.
Little do they know that this is the last time they will see or speak to each other as fellow Jedi and friends.
Eventually, Han and the Admiral fight each other on the command deck of the ship in Zero-G conditions.
Luke understands this, promises to return and complete his training, and his ship takes off from Dagobah.
He releases R2-D2 and C-3PO from their restraining bolts.
She tells him that they need his help and that they need Luke Skywalker.
They called themselves Sith.
Finn, Poe, Rey, Rose, Chewbacca, Leia Organa—their names are famous among the oppressed worlds they fight to liberate.
Anakin stops Obi-Wan and tells him that he knows he's disappointed Obi-Wan and that he's not been acting very grateful for the training he received.
As desperation for both the Jedi and the Republic grows, any hope of reuniting the galaxy could be all but extinguished….
As the Resistance debates their options, Maz Kanata proposes that they find the Emperor's hidden world as it's the only way to stop him.
Obi-Wan warns Vader that he now holds an unassailable position, but Vader, enraged and bloodthirsty, yells "You underestimate my power!" and foolishly leaps up to kill his old Master the same way Obi-Wan ended Maul.
Finn calls out to Rey, but she uses the Force to hurl him aside, unwilling to see him get hurt.
The aces of the New Republic have one final chance to defeat the darkness of Shadow Wing in this thrilling conclusion to the Star Wars: Alphabet Squadron trilogy!
Later, Padmé leaves Coruscant in her star skiff, departing for Mustafar to find her husband and the truth.
Sure, there's the Zeltron girl Lorica, famous for her exploits foiling evil smugglers, but there's also the swamp boy named Dec, who seems to enjoy causing trouble; Dec's "brother," a droid who thinks he's a pilot; Sari, whose imposing size contradicts her sweet nature; and Jo, the stuffy group leader with secrets.
Grievous falls to the floor, dead.
On Ajan Kloss, the victorious pilots and Resistance fighters embrace each other.
Leia, Luke, Han, and Chewie make it out of Doctor Arakkus' death trap by the skin of their teeth and head for home at long last, only to discover that Rebel headquarters is under Imperial attack!
Though Rey plans to go alone, Poe, Chewie, Finn, and C-3PO insist that they will accompany her.
She attempts to use a Jedi mind trick on her stormtrooper guard, to make him release her and leave the door open.
Once a Padawan to Obi-Wan, Anakin now finds himself on equal—but uncertain—footing with the man who raised him.
He admits that he was skeptical but has now embraced the Force.
They are soon discovered by Luke, by now reconnected to the Force.
With Bail Organa's help, Yoda flees the Senate Building, intending to go into exile.
Sadeet begins to suspect that Tem Merkon may be the traitor he has suspected to be among them.
Ren allows the Jedi and her allies to escape in Ochi's vessel, as his own troops have captured the Falcon.
Boba Fett locates Yolan Bren in a hospital in G'ai Solem.
Using the Force, Rey and Kylo struggle for possession of Skywalker's lightsaber until it breaks into two, causing a large explosion.
Finn, Poe, and Chewbacca exchange fire with stormtroopers while fleeing through the Star Destroyer's corridors.
Finn explains that he had met and helped Poe escape the Resurgent Star Destroyer, but that Dameron had apparently perished during their crash. The First Order tracks Finn to the settlement, and launches an airstrike in attempt to search for BB-8 and the map.
As Maul leaves Coruscant, Qui-Gon Jinn senses his dark presence through a disturbance in the Force but is unsure of what he has sensed.
Rey demands that he return the wayfinder but Kylo Ren counters that the only way that she is going to Exegol is with him before destroying the relic.
That evening in Endor, Luke sets a funeral pyre ablaze to cremate the body of his father, still encased in Darth Vader's outfit, per the Jedi funeral rite.
Then: Jango Fett, the most dangerous assassin/bounty hunter in the galaxy, never fails to get his man.
The kind of fear that even the Force cannot shield them from.
Furious, Rey attacks Kylo Ren with the Skywalker lightsaber.
At this same time, Carnor Jax has arrived at Yinchorr aboard the Emperor's Revenge to discover a Scimitar assault bomber in orbit.
Thus die all traitors, Kanos proclaims over Jax's dying form.
He manages to gain her trust by convincing her that he can help take out the First Order's hyperspace tracker, which he is privy to due to his time with the First Order.
Not once, but twice, the crew of the Falcon tries to claim the elusive prize—first, Lando Calrissian and the droid L3-37 at the dawn of an ambitious career, and later, a young and hungry Han Solo with the help of his copilot, Chewbacca.
Join our heroes and beloved fan favorites as they race to take down the Empire before it’s too late in this audio adaptation of the original Star Wars: A New Hope.
Nak asks his grandfather why he no longer creates these.
This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi. It will soon see the end of the Rebellion.
Grievous then draws his blaster, though it is knocked from his hand by Obi-Wan, now wielding the electrostaff.
Rieekan lowers the shields to fire the Ion cannon at one of the Imperial Star Destroyers allowing the first transports to escape.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi Knight, must rescue Han Solo, frozen in carbonite, from the palace of Jabba the Hutt.
With the Millennium Falcon's help, the Rebels emerge victorious.
Anakin arrives just as Windu holds Sidious at blade point.
All in a day's work for Jahan Cross, Agent of the Empire!
The Battle of Endor shattered the Empire, scattering its remaining forces across the galaxy.
Shev then deliberately orders an attack on the New Republic base in direct defiance of Jax's orders.
Finn is glad to learn that he is not the only deserter from the First Order.
Finn counters that Chewbacca was carrying the dagger and that without it, they have no way to reach Exegol.
Far on the edge of the Outer Rim, one former Sith wanders, accompanied only by a faithful droid and the ghost of a less civilized age.
Can Solo keep one step ahead of the galaxy's most cutthroat gunmen and find the ancient Jedi?
If Hock can impress the Dark Lord as a stormtrooper, he will have earned respect of his own from the leader he admires most.
However, Rey rejects the Sith Lord's demand and, sensing him through their dyad, transfers the lightsaber to Ben, who uses it to fight the Knights of Ren.
Yet dealing with all of that is easier than coming to terms with his growing respect for a boy whose father he killed—especially when that boy is supposed to be merely a political pawn of the Empire.
In a demonstration of power, Pinnacle Moon and its Rebel Command Base have been destroyed by the weapon, and the Alliance has been driven into hiding.
When she faces an unthinkable betrayal that shatters her world, Jyn will have to pull the pieces of herself back together and figure out what she truly believes in…and whom she can really trust.
The two knights must learn a new way to work together—and they must learn quickly, to save Cato Neimoidia and its people from the fires of war.
Rey says that she has come to end the Sith as a Jedi.
Nineteen years after the formation of the Galactic Empire and the events of Revenge of the Sith, the galaxy is in a state of civil war.
But when news breaks of a disaster at the treaty signing on Jedha, violence reignites on the beleaguered worlds.
C-3PO says that he will carry the boy there.
Alerted to the arrival of the Resistance, Allegiant General Pryde orders the Sith fleet to use ion cannons.
Still on the hunt for their kidnapped parents, Milo and Lina Graf head to Lothal in search of an ally.
The Greck Cruisers do not have the specific part, so Torba tasks Greck with acquiring them.
Luke and C-3PO search the desert and find R2 the next day, only to be attacked by Sand people.
Pryde then orders a First Order officer to inform the Supreme Leader that they have found their spy.
Luke and the others make it back to the Falcon, where Luke and several stormtroopers witness the battle.
It is decided that Anakin will be assigned to protect the Chancellor, and Yoda will take a battalion of clones to reinforce the Wookiees on Kashyyyk.
Je'daii generals Daegen Lok and Xesh are captured by Xesh's former Rakatan masters, and Xesh learns the truth behind his arrival on Tython.
During the duel over the abyss, Luke strikes Vader with his lightsaber in his right shoulder, slightly damaging his dark armor.
He grabs the edge of another catwalk below and jumps back up to where Qui-Gon and Maul continue to fight.
Believing that Poe has placed the Resistance in even more danger, she orders that the transports be prepared for departure.
After intimidating a Zabrak for information concerning the slave trader, Jennir arrives in the property of a Chagrian named Orso Meeto, who gives him the coordinates of the buyer, a human named Dezono Qua.
They are interrupted by Bargwill Tomder who angrily orders the children to get back to work.
Elsewhere, as the ''Millenium'' [sic] ''Falcon'' departs Nar Shaddaa, Boba Fett's ''Slave I'' appears out of nowhere, catching the ''Falcon'' with its shields down.
He jumps into his landspeeder.
After the fall of the Galactic Empire, he fights his way through the outer reaches of the galaxy: far from the influence of the New Republic, but constantly striving to protect his precious cargo "The Child" aka "Baby Yoda.
The ship is captured, and several Imperial stormtroopers come aboard.
Vader is furious and severs Luke's right hand and wrist, which is holding his lightsaber, and both are lost in the abyss.
Set between Star Wars: A New Hope and Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, the story finds Luke Skywalker, C-3PO, and R2-D2 stranded on a mysterious planet, and explores a dangerous duel between Luke and a strange new villain.
With the Death Star only minutes from being in range to destroy Yavin-4, Luke makes one last run down the trench toward the exhaust port.
But what they uncover on Corellia turns out to be just one part of a greater plan, one that could lead the Jedi to their most stunning defeat yet....
Luke, however, suspects that Vrad is a traitor to the Rebel cause, which leads to an exciting confrontation – as well as a startling turn of events for one of our Rebel heroes.
When she asks about the ambassadors sent by the Chancellor, Gunray claims that they have received no such ambassadors, leaving Amidala startled and suspicious.
Luke Skywalker and Han Solo encounter the scientist's stowaway daughter on board the Millennium Falcon, and before they know it, they are swept along in a desperate race to catch up with the climate-altering spaceship, which has left a trail of damaged planets in its wake!
Kir Kanos made a theatrical arrival on the New Republic capital Coruscant, landing in a hangar of the Imperial Palace escorted by a squadron of A-wings and still wearing his Royal Guard armor.
As the scuffle continues, Rey accidentally releases three rathtars.
Luke is reunited with his companions Han, Lando, the droids, Chewbacca, the surviving Rebel fleet, the Ewoks, and his sister, Leia.
The Emperor shows Luke the full power of the Death Star as the station, now fully operational, destroys one of the Alliance's ships
Boba Fett is dead.
Vader arrives in his shuttle on a docking bay, and Luke, having already surrendered to the Empire, talks with Vader in an attempt to bring the Sith Lord out of the dark side of the Force, but to no avail.
When a mission to assimilate some remnant Separatists becomes a military disaster, Hock has an opportunity to be something more than a soldier in the ranks to Darth Vader… if he's willing to take a life-risking chance!
Kylo Ren notices and comes toward her.
Meanwhile, Jax's forces seeking Merkon discover his body – wrapped in explosives.
Their ruler is a Jedi, Empatojayos Brand, who has hidden here for decades from the wrath of the Empire.
Several thousand solar systems have declared their intentions to leave the Republic.
Antilles orders the gunner to swing the turret.Obi-Wan loses it after getting kicked in the stomach, but he retrieves it.
After mounting a successful rebellion against the Empire and starting a family with an Alderaanian princess, Han hasn't given much thought to the mad inventor.
Han and Chewbacca reluctantly agree.
Leia, Han, and Chewbacca are not the only Rebels on a quest.
Despite Snoke's disappointment, Hux insists the Resistance cannot escape for long because they have them "tied on the end of a string."
Poe and C-3PO also watch from the distance.
The Empire is dying, perhaps in its final throes.
The galaxy has heard a mysterious broadcast, a threat of REVENGE in the sinister voice of the late EMPEROR PALPATINE
Poe is able to outmaneuver the enemy, though his reckless trick-flying heavily damages the Falcon
Karr is a teenage boy like many others in the galaxy.
Among these machines, bound by innumerable tubes and wires to machines of support and sustenance, is the emaciated and decaying figure of Darth Sidious, the true identity of the former Emperor Palpatine himself.
Rey explains that the First Order is after the map located within BB-8 and that Finn is with the Resistance.
C-3PO then informs them that they are receiving a transmission from Red Five, which is transmitting the coordinates to Exegol.
R2-D2 reminds him that the mission has already occurred.
In his absence, the sinister FIRST ORDER has risen from the ashes of the Empire and will not rest until Skywalker, the last Jedi, has been destroyed.
When a disaster strikes in hyperspace, putting the people of Hetzal Prime in grave danger, only the Jedi of the High Republic can save the day!
After a short struggle, Windu kills Jango due to his jetpack malfunctioning.
Han Solo and Chewbacca have agreed to help the Rebellion once more.
In the wake of Yrica Quell's shocking decision—and one of the fiercest battles of their lives—the remnants of Alphabet Squadron seek answers and closure across a galaxy whose old war scars are threatening to reopen.
But when Norra intercepts Wedge Antilles's urgent distress call, she realizes her time as a freedom fighter is not yet over.
Obi-Wan feels guilt for failing Anakin & Padmé's happiness.
As he experiences wild freedom with them and wonders if this isn't the life he was meant for, Obi-Wan can't escape the nagging sense that something is wrong with the Force there.
But for the heroes of the New Republic, danger and loss are ever-present companions, even in this newly forged era of peace.
Kir Kanos, the last surviving member of the Emperor's Royal Guard, is the most wanted man in the galaxy.
Despite their differences, Poe tells Rey that she is the "best fighter" in the Resistance and thinks that she should be helping them in the war against the First Order rather than training on Ajan Kloss.
And Chancellor Palpatine hovers over it all, manipulating the players to his own ends.
Organa says that they cannot afford to fail on this mission.
In the year 27 BBY, Aurra Sing traveled to the Forest Moon of Endor to meet with a mysterious priestess from an Endor sect of the Order of the Ffib.
And Luke Skywalker is the first in a hoped-for new line of Jedi Knights.
As Obi-Wan watches, Vader, helpless and now fully consumed by the dark side, tries in vain to pull his crippled, smoking body up the embankment with his one remaining mechanical arm.
Aboard the Death Star, Cassio Tagge argues with Conan Antonio Motti about the stations vulnerability to the rebels and points out that the rebellion has been gaining support within the imperial senate.
Norra and her crew soar into the heart of an apocalyptic clash that will leave land and sky alike scorched.
She uses her lightsaber to cut through a pillar of rock, which smashes a wagon belonging to two Lanai caretakers.
Flying to the Works in the Industrial sector of Coruscant, he meets up with his master, Darth Sidious, who is pleased that the war has begun as planned.
The Invisible Hand crosses by a Venator-class Star Destroyer.
The Rebel Alliance has been forced to flee its base on Yavin 4 and establish a new one on the ice planet of Hoth.
Believing fear will keep the galaxy in line, Motti boasts the power of the Death Star, to which Vader replies that its power is insignificant compared to the Force.
After arriving to the planet, the droids attack them resulting on Bly being wounded, because of his injuries another clone trooper takes command of the unit.
Now, this clone believes he may have found the leader he should have been following all along… Darth Vader!
The voices of Master Yoda reassure Rey that she has never been alone.
During the chase, Obi-Wan drops his lightsaber, which Commander Cody happens to find during the massive battle against the droids.
Stormtrooper FN-2187 is horrified as the massacre plays out in front of him, remaining motionless and not firing his weapon.
As Kylo Ren takes Rey up the turbolift to Supreme Leader Snoke's throne room, she tells him that she feels the good in him and that she saw his future.
Emperor Palpatine and Trachta meet.
The two embrace before Rey kisses him.
The two join Han and Chewie and successfully jump to hyperspace in the Falcon.
Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire.
At the Resistance briefing room, Poe confirms the authenticity of the message sent across the galaxy: that Darth Sidious has returned.
Speaking to her through this, Ren informs his quarry that Sidious wants her dead.
Ren is already badly injured, bleeding out of his abdomen from the bowcaster wound, but even so is too much for Finn.
She expertly runs and leaps through the obstacles, imbuing her actions with the Force.
Meanwhile, Darth Vader is cutting a swath of destruction toward the Rebel base on Yavin -- where Luke Skywalker and General Dodonna's son Vrad prepare for a suicide mission!
The chute ends up leading to a garbage compactor that is also home to a resident dianoga.
From Anakin to Yoda, Count Dooku to Darth Maul, this exciting middle grade anthology will recount different explosive events from The Clone Wars from the points of view everyone’s favorite characters–with each character written by a different popular author.
Han and Qi'ra don't have a lot in common other than not having a lot.
Using Force healing, Rey manages to heal the creature, which then slithered away, revealing a opening to the surface.
While they often disagreed, Mace valued Qui-Gon's unique perspective, and their shared dedication to the Force made them allies.
But Emperor Palpatine means to control the embattled world and its precious resources—by political power or firepower—and he will be neither intimidated nor denied.
As Ren approaches Rey in his new TIE whisper, Rey runs into a leap.
An anarchistic group known as the Nihil has taken over a section of space now known as the Occlusion Zone.
When Luke fails to report in at Echo Base, Han Solo goes out on his tauntaun to search for him in an encroaching storm.
As Jax discusses his plan to capture Kanos with his officers, among those present General Wessel and Geff Blim, none other than Tem Merkon appears to divulge knowledge.
Meanwhile, on the Steadfast, Jannah connects the cables on a hijacked laser cannon, which opens fire on the bridge of the command ship.
On the way, the group discovers the remains of the Sandcrawler, the Jawas having been killed by stormtroopers searching for the droids.
Not realizing Holdo's plans, Hux orders the Supremacy to continue firing.
Jedi Princess Leia, pregnant with her third child, journeys with Han Solo and Chewbacca to the spaceport moon of Nar Shaddaa, where Leia hopes to find the old Jedi woman, Vima-da-Boda.
But they must work together to decipher the connection between the senator and a trail of dangerous weapons threatening to wreak havoc on the Republic.
Finn's main objective is to rescue Rey from captivity.
That evening, Luke and R2-D2 prepare themselves to leave Dagobah, but are warned by both Yoda and the spirit form of Kenobi not to end training so soon for a fight Luke is not ready for.
With the evacuation complete, General Organa wants to evacuate the Resistance forces but Poe wants to take out the dreadnought.
The Clone Wars have begun.
Padmé is unsure about the new role but cannot turn down the request, especially since, thanks to her dearest friend—and decoy—Sabé, she can be in two places at once.
The Falcon arrives at the Sinta Glacier Colony in order to meet a Resistance informant, the Ovissian Boolio, who tells them about a mysterious spy in the First Order and gives them a message in the form of a data encoder, ordering them to bring it to Leia.
A mysterious avenger is on the trail of Boba Fett's killers.
Though he is a Dark Lord of the Sith, even he must bow before the power of the Emperor.
At the rendezvous point near Sullust, the Rebel Alliance gathers to reveal plans to attack the Death Star.
However, Luke chooses suicide over being corrupted and allows himself to fall down the deep shaft.
On Batuu, at the edges of the Unknown Regions, a threat to the Empire is taking root—its existence little more than a glimmer, its consequences as yet unknowable.
Down on their luck after a botched smuggling run, Han Solo and Chewbacca resort to accepting a job offer from an anonymous employer.
The two come up with a plan to infiltrate the Mega-Destroyer and take out the hyperspace tracker.
Obi-Wan and Vader battle over the bridge and enter the Klegger Corp Mining Facility, making their way through the hallways.
With his macrobinoculars Luke sees two ships engaged in combat beyond the atmosphere.
Organa's bodyguards manage to hide Basso aboard her speeder before Darth Vader arrives with several stormtroopers.
Yoda unexpectedly arrives with the Republic's new clone army, but only a handful of Jedi have survived.
Skywalker comforts Rey by telling her that he and his sister Leia knew she was a Palpatine but still trained her because they saw her spirit and heart.
However, it is destroyed by pursuing Canto Bight Mounted Police's speeders.
As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor....
Odds this round are on Grand Admiral Thrawn.
he scene would have appeared between the scene where Han Solo encounters Jabba the Hutt in Docking Bay 94 (also cut), and the scene where Luke and Ben find the Millennium Falcon in Docking Bay 94.
BB-8 encounters the astromech droid R2-D2, who, as C-3PO explains, has been dormant since Luke's disappearance.
The Togruta then decide they need to learn how to defend themselves, and Rex shows them how to shoot back on Kiros after they have blown up the base.
With no alternative, Poe gives the map to BB-8 and orders the BB unit to flee.
Poe says that they are the "spark of resistance" that will burn the First Order down.
Confronted with a nightmare scenario, Jedi Master K'Kruhk is thrust into a battle unlike any he has ever faced.
Poe thinks they should do another hyperspace jump but Leia realizes that the First Order has tracked them through lightspeed, and another jump would use up the rest of their fuel.
Among the stars and across the vast expanses of space, the Galactic Civil War rages.
He meets secretly with Padmé Amidala, and they share a kiss in the shadows of the Senate office building, keeping their love secret.
Anakin wins the race (defeating his rival, Sebulba) and joins the team as they prepare to leave for Coruscant, where Qui-Gon plans to seek permission from the Jedi High Council to train Anakin to be a Jedi.
Jax had not only seen to the death of Palpatine, but to all those loyal to him as well, including the Royal Guards.
One of these raids ends in disaster: Luke Skywalker and Lando Calrissian are shot down over the former Imperial City.
Senator Amidala, the former Queen of Naboo, is returning to the Galactic Senate to vote on the critical issue of creating an ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC to assist the overwhelmed Jedi....
Finn and Rose share their plan with Poe and C-3PO in Leia's Medical bay room.
At the same time, Admiral Mordur has entered the command codes for the drone barges filled with ore, and launches them to follow his lead ship, which he pilots to the Sun.
Emperor Palpatine is determined to rebuild his line of clones with the Jedi blood of the Ysanna shamans and of Leia Organa Solo's children.
Rey points out to Ren that he is haunted by killing his father, and Ren reminds Rey of her feelings of abandonment and loneliness from her parents abandoning her.
Han also explains that he heard rumors that Luke went searching for the first Jedi Temple.
Princess Leia narrowly escapes an Imperial blockade and is forced to crash-land on a nearby planet... a planet that happens to be an Imperial labor colony!
That's where Phee Genoa, self-proclaimed liberator of treasures, comes in, with a couple of jobs she swears will get them the funds they need.
However, they are quickly spotted by a stormtrooper and pursued by First Order treadspeeders, which are carrying jet troopers.
Blue Max, a small computer probe hidden away in Bollux's chest cavity, is able to infiltrate the Authority's computer network and begin searching for the location of the abductees.
While Finn is mesmerized by the wealth and opulence of the Canto Bight, Rose tells him that the city is built on exploitation.
But every new rumor only led to dead ends and fading hopes—until he crossed paths with Ochi of Bestoon, a Sith assassin tasked with kidnapping a young girl.
Luke is a Jedi, you're his father.
Due to its damaged struts, the Falcon has a hard landing, carving up soil.
Rey senses it calling out to her as the stones beneath her float.
Anakin Skywalker, Jedi Knight and hero of the Republic, is challenged by a fledgling hero of the Confederacy!
Now the Rebels have to make their way out!
Windu declares Sidious has lost, but the Sith Lord then unleashes a torrent of Force lightning.
Meanwhile, Darth Vader thinks back to a conversation he had with Qui-Gon Jinn before he was introduced to the Jedi Council.
Why is Qui-Gon drawn to ancient Jedi prophecies instead of more practical concerns?
However, his TIE fighter escorts take the shot, destroying the primary bridge and killing most of the Resistance's high command, including Admiral Ackbar.
The voice of Master Adi Gallia encourage Rey to rise while Qui-Gon tells her that they stand behind her.
The former Royal Guard revealved them Devian's plot against the New Republic and, despite their doubts, accepted to trust him, especially because Skywalker didn't sense treason in him.
It doesn't work, but Rey tries again: this time he walks over and tells her he will tighten her restraints instead of undoing them.
Rey and Ben are weakened by the exertion and collapse on the floor.
However, the dark warrior has a difficult time probing her mind, and Rey is even able to push back into Ren's mind.
Poe orders the combined forces to take out the Sith Star Destroyers' world-destroying superlaser cannons as it will save the galaxy.
Not wanting Rey and Finn to be involved, Han hides both of them in the lower corridors of the freighter while he and Chewie go meet with the criminals, with BB-8 accompanying them.
Han then sets about erecting a shelter for them both.
When orders come down for the Rebels to fall back in the face of superior opposition numbers and firepower, Twilight reluctantly complies.
The Emperor's condition is stabilized, but they must find a way to combat the uprising back on Coruscant.
Meanwhile, Colonel Xexus Shev is contacted by Carnor Jax, who informs Shev that he en route to Phaeda to investigate the slaughter of Imperials, believing it to be the handiwork of Kir Kanos.
Organa, horrified, flees the scene and departs Coruscant in the Tantive III, in an attempt to make contact with any surviving Jedi.
And lest anyone forget, Han Solo's still got a bounty on his head – and there are plenty of opportunists who are dead-set on collecting.
He spots Boba Fett who is taking the now-frozen Solo back to his ship.
General Veers is about to destroy the shield generators when Hobbie, a Rebel pilot, flies his damaged snowspeeder toward Veers's walker.
After landing, Rey, Finn and Poe shoot the stormtrooper sentries and head to Chewie's cell.
Developments in our favorite far-away galaxy a long time ago are winding their way rapidly to the point at which the events of the movie The Empire Strikes Back begin – with the Rebels engaged in battle with Empire forces on the ice planet Hoth.
Baron Pitareeze closed it down and sent them all home before he set out with R2-D2 in tow on the last scheduled shuttle to Hosk Station.
Han warns General Rieekan that the Empire is probably aware of their location, and Rieekan orders the evacuation of Echo Base to begin.
Back at the Resistance base on Ajan Kloss, Leia senses her son's confrontation with Rey and walks out of the command center, aided by Lieutenant Kaydel Connix.
Finn invites his friend Rose to come along but General Organa has tasked her with studying the specs of old Star Destroyers in order to defeat the Sith Eternal.
Outside, Temiri Blagg, still wearing the Resistance Ring that Rose gave him, summons his broom with the Force and hopefully gazes up to the stars.
Holdo's actions grate Poe, who doesn't trust his new commander.
Can the cold-blooded killer Gauer be trusted?
In the midst of the plots and counter plots, word comes of a new threat—a new, unknown Jedi has emerged to challenge Vader.
After Grievous has the bridge crew regain control of his flagship by firing the emergency booster engines, he makes certain the two Jedi and their ward are captured.
he fearsome Nihil continue to spread chaos inside the Occlusion Zone, aided by the mysterious creatures called the Nameless that feed on the Force itself.
Jax expresses his regret at not killing Sinn earlier and leaves Kanos to kill them.
On the ancient Jedi planet Ossus, Luke Skywalker, Kam Solusar, and the young Ysanna warriors Jem and Rayf explore an ancient library.
R2-D2 then picks up a signal.
As Ochi hunts Rey and her parents to the edge of the galaxy, Luke and Lando race into the mystery of the Sith's lingering shadow and aid a young family running for their lives.
What about the ambitious Imperial Officer Dezsetes?
While Finn and Jannah watch in shock, several Resistance members including Maz Kanata, R2-D2, Kaydel Connix, Beaumont Kin, and Temmin Wexley gather to pay respects to their fallen leader.
Returning to Coruscant, Sidious tells Yoda that the Jedi will be no more.
BEING A TEENAGER IS HARD ENOUGH WITHOUT ALSO TRAINING TO BE A JEDI….
Lining up for a bombing run on the Raddus' bridge, Ren hesitates to fire after sensing his mother's presence on board.
Snoke reveals to Ren that the astromech droid containing the map now resides in the Millennium Falcon - along with his father, Han Solo.
The Empire in retreat, Luke Skywalker has begun a quest to rebuild the Jedi.
 Tem Merkon appears and informs them that he will be returning to the city to keep an eye on Shev's forces.
And for the Emperor and Darth Vader, Ryloth becomes more than just a matter of putting down an insurrection: When an ambush sends them crashing to the planet's surface, where inhospitable terrain and an army of resistance fighters await them, they will find their relationship tested as never before.
The story involves all the featured Star Wars movie characters, plus Emperor Palpatine and, of course, Lord Vader himself.
When Skywalker reminds him about the sacred Jedi texts, Yoda responds they were not "page-turners" which contained wisdom that already existed.
Meanwhile, Lord Tion's Imperial forces eliminate the last of the Ralltiir insurgents.
But the First Order's Supreme Leader Snoke and his merciless enforcer Kylo Ren are adversaries with superior numbers and devastating firepower at their command.
Snoke is pleased with his apprentice for delivering Rey, telling him that his faith is restored.
The dark shadow of Palpatine seems to creep across the galaxy once again, and the Empire awaits his return.
As the ship flies beneath her, she severs a wing with her lightsaber and sends the ship into a tailspin. It crashes in a fireball some distance away.
Seeing the Resistance fleet in peril, Holdo climbs into the helm of the Raddus.
Maul fights through the Black Sun guards and reaches the antechamber to Garyn's throne room.
Meanwhile, Finn and Jannah cling on to dear life as the stricken Steadfast descends into the atmosphere.
Anakin is finally forced to choose between the Jedi Order or Padmé. As Windu is about to deliver the killing blow, Anakin betrays Windu and cuts off his sword arm.
Vader orders the entirety of Death Squadron to begin sweeping the asteroid field to find the Millennium Falcon.
The translated text points them to the location of Emperor's wayfinder, which is located on the Death Star ruins on a moon of Endor.
When they are taken back to base, Luke is put in a bacta tank for healing under the care of medical droid, 2-1B.
The battle moves from the hangar, across a series of catwalks, to the Theed Generator Complex.
As the Dark Lord tempts Rey, Ben forces his way into the depths of the Sith Citadel, taking down several Sovereign Protectors.
But while the physical distance between them has evaporated, their shared grief over their failure to protect the galaxy from the Nihil threat still remains.
They rescue Darth Vader from the edge of death using a stasis pod and Sith medicines held in the Emperor's shuttle.
Luke tells Rey that he was wrong as it was fear that kept him here.
Angered by his master's abandonment, Obi-Wan sets out on the mission alone, determined to prove himself.
Rey charges at Snoke but he uses the Force to throw her to the ground. Kylo retrieves his lightsaber.
After an explosion devastates Cato Neimoidia, the jewel of the Trade Federation, the Republic is blamed and the fragile neutrality of the planet is threatened.
Sing expected this man to finally be Kairn, but was shocked to discover he was also a Shi'ido.
While Yoda uses the Force to divert the pillar, Dooku flees in his solar sailer.
In the aftermath, Yrica Quell is just one of thousands of defectors from her former cause living in a deserters' shantytown—until she is selected to join Alphabet Squadron.
Changing course from the rendezvous point, he sets his coordinates for Dagobah.
She thanks BB-8, saying never underestimate a droid.
Rey comments that he is serving another master, but the fallen Jedi dismisses this, stating that he has plans of his own.
On New Plympto, Jedi Master Dass Jennir leads a Nosaurian army in a war they have already lost.
While traveling through hyperspace aboard the Libertine, Rose asks DJ if he can disable help them to infiltrate the Supremacy and disable the hyperspace tracker.
The Jedi throw the Count off guard, by converting from basic attacks to more skilled tactics.
As the Steadfast arrives above Kijimi City, Rey senses that Chewie is alive.
This is in spite of the comic being dated by the interior to "three years before the Battle of Yavin".
Will they find safe haven with new allies on the water world of Aquaris, or will those allies turn out to be as dangerous as Darth Vader?
Attempting to seek guidance from his grandfather, Darth Vader, Kylo Ren sits quietly in his meditation chamber.
Luke uses the Force to pull a nearby blaster and attempts to shoot Jabba, but the Hutt activates the trapdoor to protect himself, dropping the Jedi and an unfortunate guard into the rancor pit.
Aboard the Raddus, Poe angrily confronts Vice-Admiral Holdo for being secretive about her plans.
Nestled up against the Core Worlds of the Empire, the Corporate Sector is a vast area of space ruled by robber barons, trading conglomerates, and star-spanning corporations, all loyal to the Empire.
Ren then asks if General Hux, his rival in the First Order power structure, is troubled by his appearance.
Lieutenant Massimo arrived on Phaeda soon after Kanos's departure, whereupon he discovered Sinn finishing Sadeet's grave.
Izzy and Jules were best friends until Izzy’s family abruptly left Batuu when she was six.
Hux slaps Finn and thanks Phasma for her services.
Finn encourages the Resistance by reassuring them that allies will come and proposes that they take out the siege cannon.
Emerging on the other side of the gas cloud, Han, Leia, and Chewbacca behold an unexpected sight: a massive, antique, steam-powered spacecraft.
Cut off from Coruscant, the Jedi Masters must reckon with an unwelcome truth: that while no one thinks more about the future than the Jedi Council, nobody needs their help more than those living in the present.
Poe tells the Resistance fighters not to fall into the trap of thinking they are alone and that good people will fight if they lead them.
The Rebel pilots assigned to hold off the Imperial ground assault depart the Hoth base for the oncoming battle against heavily equipped Imperial forces, who are armed with agile AT-STs (All Terrain Scout Transports) and monstrous AT-AT (All Terrain Armored Transport) walkers, led by General Veers.
Determined to preserve the Empire's power, the surviving Imperial elite are converging on Akiva for a top-secret emergency summit—to consolidate their forces and rally for a counterstrike.
Skal'nas explains that the Rakata are losing their connection to the Force, and that he seeks the Infinity Gate built by the Kwa species that supposedly exists on Tython.
When he gets there, he is surprised to see that his job is to escort a woman and her child to Vandelhelm to sort out problem with the Metalsmiths Guild supplying the Alliance with "ores and alloys and stuff".
Fans have long wondered what happened to Ahsoka after she left the Jedi Order near the end of the Clone Wars, and before she re-appeared as the mysterious Rebel operative Fulcrum in Rebels.
As the unconscious Finn recovers in the medical unit, Rey kisses him on the head and thanks him for everything.
Xesh struggles to recall where he remembers Trill from, and he and Shae Koda share a moment before Koda departs.
Amidst the inferno, Rose helps Finn up and the two search for a shuttle.
Artoo and Threepio are out of commission and the Millennium Falcon is light-years away, leaving Luke to find his own means of escape – with nothing but his wit, his skill, and his trusty lightsaber at hand!
Includes introductions by Maz Kanata.
Windu also adds that if what Anakin says is true then Anakin will have gained his trust but for now, he wants Anakin to wait in the Council Chambers until he returns.
Vader observes that Princess Leia is resisting interrogation, and Bast boldly criticizes Tarkin's plan to break her as "foolish".
Balancing the complicated emotions she feels for Vos with the fury of her warrior's spirit, she resolves to claim victory on all fronts—a vow that will be mercilessly tested by her deadly enemy . . . and her own doubt.
Jabba, accompanied by Leia and several of his thugs, travels to the Pit of Carkoon via his sail barge, while the prisoners are taken on a smaller skiff.
He further reveals that he once accompanied Luke on a mission to track a man named Ochi, whom they believed held information key to locating one of the devices, but when they arrived, they found his ship abandoned.
When Han assumes it is because she has feelings for him, Leia loses her temper and calls him a "stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder."
But the information he desires has nothing to do with the Resistance or its covert operations against the First Order.
Meanwhile, Ben Solo lands on Exegol in an old TIE scout and runs to the Sith Citadel.
Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker, and the rest of the Rebel Alliance are on the run from the evil Imperial forces.
His body fades away at the same moment that Leia's body becomes one with the Force.
Hunter is well acquainted with this lesson.
Rey discovers that her parents left her on Jakku to protect her.
With the Dreadnought's cannon's knocked out, Resistance bombers advanced on the Fulminatrix.
So return to that galaxy far, far away, and prepare yourself for what happens when the Force awakens....
D'Acy tells them that if Leia were here, she would tell them to save their sorrow till after the fight.
The Jedi think the dreaded Nihil marauders have been all but defeated.
Back on the Falcon, while Leia tries to make repairs, Han makes his move on the Princess, drawing himself closer to her before both end up in a passionate kiss.
Arriving at Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina, the group hires smuggler Han Solo and his First Mate, a Wookiee named Chewbacca, for 17,000 credits, 2,000 in advance and 15,000 upon arrival, to take the four of them to Alderaan aboard their ship, the Millennium Falcon.
Admiral Griss replies that the armada is not a navy, but are just people.
R2 escapes from the Lars' homestead in search of Obi-Wan, whom the droid claims to be the property of.
Luke Skywalker returns for an all-new adventure in this thrilling upper middle grade novel.
Immediately after Jax's departure, a squadron of starfighters emerges from hyperspace: E-wings and B-wings representing the latest iteration of the New Republic's most elite squadron - Rogue Squadron.
Zorii tells Poe that she had saved up enough money to procure a First Order Captain's Medallion, which she intends to use to travel offworld to the Colonies, leaving her spice running days behind.
You are cordially invited to the wedding of Princess Leia Organa and Han Solo.
Daultay Dofine gives the command to activate the battle droids.
Deep inside the Battlecruiser Absolution, a captured Resistance spy endures brutal interrogation at the hands of a crimson-armored stormtrooper—Cardinal.
Kylo Ren claims that his father treated him like garbage and that he was taken advantage of by Luke and his parents.
Meanwhile, Luke begins a rigorous training regime from Yoda which includes moral lessons about the dangers of the dark side of the Force.
Here's your first look at the Star Wars of 25,000 years ago--before there were lightsabers, when the ties to the Force were new, and before the Jedi spread out into the galaxy.
Sing silently stood in the doorway as Kairn mused to himself about using the disguise to not only hide but also as a bizarre form of repentance.
Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio search for Luke and Leia, but will their quest leave them dismantled on a decidedly anti-droid Gambler's World?
On the verge of failing both their desperate passengers and their community on Pabu, the Batch must remember that the only way they succeed, the only way they survive to fight another day, is by trusting each other.
When Massimo asked where Kanos has gone, Sinn replied that he is simply gone.
Ren then retreats to the Supremacy after General Hux warns that the fleet cannot protect him and his escort TIE fighters.
The surviving Imperial Forces are torn by civil war and harassed by rebel attacks.
But probably none as dangerous and determined as Bazine Netal.
When Organa questions the heavy-handed Imperial occupation of Ralltiir, Tion gets defensive and issues a veiled threat against the Organa family.
Landing on Yinchorr, Jax orders his cadre of elite Blackhole stormtroopers to scour the ruins for Kanos.
The High Council begrudgingly accepts Anakin's appointment, but does not grant him the rank of Master.
Rey is still dismayed, as Kylo destroyed the wayfinder on Kef Bir.
After the humiliating theft of the Death Star plans and the resulting destruction of the battle station, the Empire is on the defensive.
Meanwhile, Spilik orders the surviving Imperial forces to activate their shields to full strength.
And what other horrors does Marchion Ro have in store?
Leia is forced to become Jabba's newest slave girl, being made to wear a dancing costume and chained to the throne as a trophy.
Palpatine remarks that he'd question the competence of the Jedi Council if Anakin was not sent on the mission.
Meanwhile, Poe and Finn find Chewie and free him from his cell.
Back at the Sith Citadel, the rejuvenated Emperor reveals himself to his Sith followers, who chant in unison.
In this issue, Luke volunteers for an espionage mission aboard Darth Vader's new battleship – but can he trust the Imperial Admiral he meets there, who claims to be helping the Rebels?!
Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum, leader of the Galactic Senate, has secretly dispatched two Jedi, Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan, Obi-Wan Kenobi, to serve as "the ambassadors" to the Federation flagship, in order to meet with Viceroy Nute Gunray and resolve the dispute.
As all roads lead to Dalna, Gella and her allies prepare to take on a foe unlike any they've ever faced.
Shortly later, Poe and his friends are cornered by Zorii Bliss and her crew.
With nothing keeping him on Tatooine, Luke, Obi Wan, and the two droids travel to Mos Eisley to find passage to Alderaan, Princess Leia's home planet.
Poe also contacts Finn, who tells him that they managed to find a code-breaker and convinces Poe to buy them more time.
Tasked with protecting Boba's former wife and daughter while Fett's killer is found, Connor finds himself up against a Devaronian hit-squad!
On Coruscant, Darth Vader, Grand Moff Trachta and Moff Kadir test the blaster accuracy of a battalion of a newly trained stormtroopers.
Without even allowing her a chance to explain herself, he begins Force-choking her.
A clue leads the Jedi to the Zygerria system: massive slave auctions have been held there in the past, and will be taking place again soon -- with the unfortunate Togruta on the auction block!
Dooku, realizing he can't defeat Yoda, attempts to topple a large pillar on Obi-Wan and Anakin as a distraction.
Discover Captain Phasma's mysterious history in this "Journey to Star Wars: The Last Jedi" novel.
Pryde is not interested until Hux informs him that a second shuttle brought back a valuable prisoner.
The Empire Strikes Back through the eyes of a supporting character, from heroes and villains, to droids and creatures.
Cobbled together from an eclectic assortment of pilots and starfighters, the five members of Alphabet are tasked by New Republic general Hera Syndulla herself.
Kanos won, impaling Tauk on the end of his blade.
Rey warns him that he underestimates Skywalker, Ben Solo, and her; and that it would be downfall.
Yoda says it is "no different, only different in your mind."
Leia will be adopted by Bail Organa, and Luke would be sent to his father's step family on Tatooine.
However, Finn and his team are soon apprehended by First Order stormtroopers led by First Order Security Bureau Colonel Ansiv Garmuth and Captain Phasma, who gloatingly welcomes Finn home.
DJ also reveals the Resistance's evacuation plan to the First Order, which is confirmed by the departure of 30 transports from the Raddus.
He tractor-beamed the Millennium Falcon, and tells Han that he used the command code to take the barges in.
Poe thinks it is a suicide mission and orders Finn to retreat but Finn is determined to take out the cannon.
Back at the Sith Citadel, an exhausted Rey dies as a result of the duel with the Sith Lord.
At the Mustafarian Mining Complex, Obi-Wan and Vader battle in the conference room on the desk.
She's been doing her best to keep the family cargo business going after her mom's death, but between mounting debt and increasing attacks by the Nihil on unsuspecting ships, Syl is in danger of losing all she has left of her mother.
Upon visiting Quaffug, he found himself captured and sentenced to death; ostensibly because of a game of sabacc which Quaffug had accused Lando of cheating at.
Two hundred years before the events of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, in the era of the glorious High Republic, the Jedi are the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy!
In the scene where Han Solo is about to go after Luke Skywalker on a tauntaun, a dead tauntaun is seen on the floor being examined by 2-1B, the medical droid.
The man behind the murder of Boba Fett has sent his army of mercenaries to kill Fett's ex-wife and child, and Boba's half-brother Connor Freeman.
To rescue his friend Chewbacca, Han Solo has infiltrated Stars' End, the secret prison where the Corporate Authority keeps its political prisoners.
In the initial hardcover and audiobook release of The High Republic: The Eye of Darkness, the list of planets brought under Nihil control by the expansion of the Stormwall includes Sullust, Pantora, and Malastare.
Meanwhile, Darth Vader must deal with some unpleasant realities—and memories—of his own.
Shocked and frightened by the cruel truth, Luke falls into despair, still not wanting to believe what he heard.
As Markon leaves the visitor in a safehouse, the visitor ponders his situation: for he is Kir Kanos.
A Separatist freedom fighter deals with the realization that the sacrifice made by his brothers-in-arms has been for nothing—and that their families are paying the price for their resistance.
Following their successful operation to destroy Starkiller Base, Resistance fighters evacuate their main base on the planet D'Qar onto their fleet.
The film ends with Queen Amidala presenting a gift of appreciation and friendship to Boss Nass and the Gungan people.
A trio of adventure-seekers set off to find the legendary Planet X and save the galaxy as they know it!
Their foes do not send threats or ultimatums, or mass ships on the edge of the Chaos.
In the last days of the Clone Wars, Jedi Master K'Kruhk finds his fate altered by Order 66 in ways he could not have imagined.
Vader attempts to force choke the Jedi master with the enabled lightsaber.
Jahan Cross.
Han, Chewbacca, and Finn are brought to the Resistance base on D'Qar.
Listen along as R2-D2 and C-3PO meet Luke Skywalker and embark on the adventure of a lifetime!
Rey uses the Force to jump to another floating wreck. Finn tries to follow but is stopped by Jannah.
With the flip of a coin, it was decided that Kanos would be the one to live.
But when he, a young bounty hunter/librarian, and a droll cargo droid–who, unbeknownst to the others is rebel spy droid K-2SO–land in the middle of a blue forest that emits a fear-causing mist, Chewie realizes the job may be too dangerous for his liking.
He asks for her loyalty to the Chancellor, then tells her that he will go to the Mustafar system, where the remaining Separatists have gathered, to end the war.
Sidious demands that all worlds surrender or die as the Final Order begins. Rose informs Poe that Leia made him acting General and asks what they should do.
But the rebel's hunt for Admiral Sloane is cut short after the disappearance of Han Solo and Chewbacca.
Still, the history of the Sith Order is one of duplicity, betrayal, and acolytes violently usurping their Masters—and the truest measure of Vader's allegiance has yet to be taken.
But after decades of vicious infighting and partisan gridlock in the New Republic Senate, that hope seems like a distant memory.
Carnor Jax and Kir Kanos have met once again - for the final time - on The Squall on Yinchorr.
Han wins, and tries to shut down the signal to drone barges.
After parrying with her staff, Rey practices with Skywalker's lightsaber while Luke watches.
On the Resurgent Star Destroyer, Allegiant General Pryde watches in horror as the Resistance destroys the Sith fleet.
Leia struggles to get to the top and Chewbacca tries to unlock the door.
Later, Poe appoints Finn as his second-in-command.
Leia is rescued by her Resistance comrades but is rendered comatose by the ordeal.
Orrk has also taken the royals hostage, and has revealed his partnership with the Empire to Han.
Sedriss and his men are preparing to deliver the Empire's discipline to a renegade manufacturing world at the fringes of the Galactic Core.
The fearsome Rakata have invaded the Tython system, and war rages on every world.
They became the captives of Darth Vader, who proceeds to torture Han and Leia to create a disturbance in the Force for Luke to detect.
Anakin still believes he'd be needed on Utapau, and while Obi-Wan agrees, he also notes it might just be a wild Bantha chase.
At the boarding lock, Organa questions Tion about the "state of emergency".
Kenobi's spirit ghost instructs Luke to go to Dagobah to undergo training under Yoda, a Jedi Grand Master.
Hux, meanwhile, reports to Snoke, who orders him to rescue Ren and flee the base, so Ren can finish his training.
Meanwhile, Carnor Jax has arrived at Phaeda and lands aboard his shuttle from the Emperor's Revenge.
However, Rekkon's small group has been compromised by a traitor, and their activities are discovered.
But as the Jedi Master investigates the intricate web of adversaries and allies, Mace finds himself pushed to the boundaries of the Jedi code, challenging his beliefs and his relationship to the Force itself.
Luke refuses but agrees to take Obi-Wan as far as Anchorhead.
Luke must return to his home planet, now a bustling locus of trade and a hotbed of rebellion, to discover how the Empire is finding out about the hidden Rebel bases.
On the second Death Star, the Emperor, Darth Sidious, arrives and praises Darth Vader on his efforts in the construction of the Death Star.
But when a security alarm goes off on the nearby hilltop nicknamed Crashpoint Peak, he ventures out with his trusty droid V-18 to investigate.
But her fortunes seem to turn when a representative of the crime syndicate Crimson Dawn plucks Qi'ra from captivity and brings her to the syndicate's leader, the mysterious and mercurial Dryden Vos.
Rey finds a control panel and shuts a blast door on the rathtar, freeing Finn.
Sidious pulls a lightsaber from his sleeve and hurls himself at the Jedi with a screeching war cry.
As the Resistance strike team prepares to leave, Finn tells Jannah that he needs to stay behind to stop them from resetting the signal.
Skywalker follows her and explains that the tree library was built a thousand generations ago to keep the sacred Jedi texts.
A long pursuit begins, with the Resistance relying on their spaceships' mobility and deflector shields to stay out of effective weapons range while their fuel supplies dwindle.
Upon boarding their old vessel, Han and Chewie go about inspecting their ship and find the two stowaways, Rey and Finn, who he assumes were the thieves that had stolen the Falcon.
Upon seeing so many Jedi in one place, Jango Fett jetpacks down to the arena floor and engages Windu.
Skywalker promises to teach her the ways of the Jedi.
Poe wants to rescue Finn and Jannah but Lando and Chewbacca use the Falcon to rescue the two Resistance fighters, who jump to safety before the Steadfast crashes onto the surface and disintegrates.
Forced to rely on each other, can the squabbling Mattis and Lorica work together to escape before they are forced to give up Resistance secrets?
Accompanied by Maize, the blunt, unpredictable new girl at school with ties to the First Order, and RZ-7, Karr's solicitous droid companion, he sets off into the larger galaxy to find the truth.
Zorii disagrees and says that the First Order wins by making people think they are alone.
Back in the command deck, Queen Amidala contacts Gunray to express her disapproval of their blockade, with Gunray explaining that they wouldn't have done it without the approval of the Senate.
Vader declares Luke will join the Empire "or die".
Sidious, cackling with glee, tortures and blasts the shocked Windu out of the window, sending him plunging to his death hundreds of stories below.
As she wages a painstaking war of wills with her captor, bargaining for her life in exchange for every precious revelation, the spellbinding chronicle of the inscrutable Phasma unfolds.
On the emergency platform of Cloud City, Luke and Vader continue the duel.
He then asks his grandfather to show him the power of the darkness again, to pull him back to the dark side of the Force and help him overcome his future trials.
Luke insists on going to find Yoda immediately, but the small creature only responds with "Not far. Yoda not far."
He slaughters Poggle the Lesser, Rune Haako, Po Nudo, and Wat Tambor among others.
Sadeet discovers Blim and shoots him at point-blank range.
Vader threatens him that the previous commander of Coruscant Security also made demands for more soldiers, and that Kadir should be silent if he doesn't wish to share his predecessor's fate.
Back on the Death Star, Luke, with the encouragement of Darth Sidious, lashes out at him with his lightsaber, only to be deflected by Vader, and the final duel between father and son begins.
Obi-Wan, there is good in him. I know...I know there is… still…
But now she’s back, and Jules, the boy who never left, is unsure what to make of her.
Anakin tells him he's just been so frustrated with the Council lately, but that he does apologize.
There he meets the charming and cunning high roller Lando Calrissian, makes an unlikely friend in a cantankerous Wookiee called Chewbacca, and first lays eyes on the Millennium Falcon.
The alien Rakata are on the brink of opening the Infinity Gate, ready to unleash their Empire on an unsuspecting galaxy!
Inside the throne room, Rey senses a dark presence calling her into an adjacent chamber where she finds the second wayfinder.
Meanwhile, Master K'Kruhk discovers that those under his protection are more in need of it than ever. Bad guys beware!
Startled by Ren, Rey shoots a hole through the roof of a hut, which annoys the native Lanai caretakers, who have maintained the Jedi structures since they were built.
Luke then uses the Force to levitate his old T-65B X-wing, Red Five, from the depths of the sea.
Finn and Jannah lead the landing party, who are riding obraks, in the assault against the Steadfast's navigation tower, facing opposition from crimson Sith troopers and Sith Jetpack Troopers.
Three more stories of Chewbacca's past unfold: an old Trandoshan slaver speaks of his nemesis with reverence and a hint of fear; a diminutive bounty hunter, the victim of betrayal, is saved by a massive, furred hand; a young Imperial cadet defies his commander and refuses to torture a Wookiee prisoner, setting the stage for one of the greatest partnerships the galaxy has ever seen!
The hyperspace disaster is far more sinister than the Jedi could ever suspect.
During the escape, Dameron asks the stormtrooper his name, to which he explains that he has been raised from birth to be a stormtrooper, and the serial number "FN-2187" is the only designation he has ever had.
These two chapter books, based on the all-new animated micro-series spotlighting some of Star Wars’, feature three exciting stories apiece—the first, about rebel leader Princess Leia; the second, about the scavenger–turned–Resistance hero Rey!
But their assignment has been made harder still by information divulged by a Republic captive—and the arrival of Asajj Ventress and her elite commando droids!
When her parents got in the way and refused to tell Ochi where she was, the Dark Lord gave the order to kill them.
But names can only get you so far, and Leia's last desperate call for aid has gone unanswered.
Luke, Ben and the droids arrive at the Falcon's hanger.
As Kanos listens to Mirith spar with Massimo concerning the safety of allowing Kanos to enter the compound, he recalls another memory.
On Mustafar, Vader surveys the violent landscape around him and weeps over his recent acts of violence; knowing he cannot turn back from the influence of Darth Sidious.
On Vandelhelm, the group was greeted by the Guildmaster himself.
Yrica Quell's ragtag Alphabet Squadron still leads the search for Shadow Wing, but they're no closer to their goal—and the pressure to find their quarry before it's too late has begun to shake them apart.
Luke's gunner Dak Ralter is hit and killed during the first approach.
Han, Leia, and company, now realizing they are being followed by Vader (who has arrived personally on Hoth), make their way to the Millennium Falcon in time to escape.
At the Galaxies Opera House in the Uscru District, Anakin joins Palpatine in watching the Mon Calamari Aquatic Ballet performing Squid Lake.
The Chiss are no strangers to war.
However, Windu deflects it with his blade, casting much of the energy back into Sidious' body.
As the true mastermind behind the Empire's devastating attack, Rax has led the Empire to its defining moment.
As a manacled Chewbacca is led aboard the bridge of the Steadfast, Hux tells Pryde that the "beast" used to fly with Han Solo.
Using Grievous's electrostaff, he manages to destabilize the speeder, and it goes into a spin.
At his home, Obi-Wan gives Luke his father's lightsaber, as Obi-Wan recalls his own friendship with Luke's father.
The Jedi are the most loyal servants of the Empire.
Finn, Han, and Chewie volunteer to disable the base's defensive shield from the inside.
He appoints Anakin to be his personal representative on the Council.
In exchange, the two droids are presented as gifts to the crime lord; Luke promises that both are hardworking and that they will serve him well, which Jabba agrees to silently.
Finn and Phasma duel amidst the chaos. Phasma manages to knock Finn to the ground with her staff.
When Luke asks Rey about what she is most afraid of, Rey confides that she is afraid of herself.
The Sith rebellion failed, succumbing to infighting and betrayal, and the once rival lords unified to create an Empire… but even an Empire at peace is not free from violence.
The Resistance and allied armada take out the remaining Sith forces.
Rey says his sister Leia sent him and that they deserve to know why.
Baffled, the Ascendancy dispatches one of its brightest young military officers to root out the unseen assailants—a recruit born of no title but adopted into the powerful family of the Mitth and given the name Thrawn.
She negotiates with Boss Nass to form an alliance and unite their peoples in battle against the Trade Federation.
Obi-Wan watches her go sadly.
But they are unaware of the dangers lying in wait. Will Milo and Lina be able to find the help they need?
Now: Boba Fett has taken up his father's mantle and lived up to Jango's fearsome reputation.
The chain of command falls to Vice Admiral Holdo of the cruiser Ninka.
Meanwhile, Mirith Sinn and Sish Sadeet appear aboard Kanos's Skipray Blastboat and destroy Jax's shuttle.
Inviting Anakin to join him, Palpatine dismisses his aides: once they are gone, Palpatine seduces Anakin to the dark side.
A broadside attack begins with both ship firing their cannons, a shell from a Republic Venator destroy one of the Invisible Hand's cannons and ammo crates, causing the Invisible Hand to begin an uncontrolled descent into Coruscant.
As the auto cannons recharge, Canady orders his TIE fighters to destroy the last bomber. Poe contacts Paige who heads down to her bomber's bay only to find the bombardier Nix Jerd knocked unconscious.
Vader, however, had sensed his presence through the Force, and, while Obi-Wan makes his way to the Millennium Falcon, confronts his old master and engages him in a lightsaber duel.
She found a suitable sniper perch overlooking the streets of Mos Espa.
These droids march through the shield and open fire on the Grand Army, soon destroying the shield generator.
While watching a fathier race at the Canto Bight racetrack, she explains that she came from a mining system that was exploited by the First Order, who later tested their weapons on them.
However, Kanos is shaken out of his reverie and the New Republic forces panic as Colonel Shev begins his attack on their hidden base...
He descends down a floating platform into a vast chamber lined with worn statues of Sith legends.
Realizing that Poe and Finn were going after BB-8, Hux sends out a squadron of search teams to the area.
While exchanging fire, Maz tells them to seek out the Master Codebreaker in the casino city Canto Bight.
Leia looks around, ready to use her false submission to the Hutt to her advantage.
Obi-Wan arrives at Polis Massa with Padmé, who is given emergency medical treatment by the facility's droids.
Rey says that she saw this place in a dream.
The deckhands will have to decide for themselves when they hear The Legends of Luke Skywalker.
Their leader, Marchion Ro, is intent on destroying this spirit of unity.
While his fellow Valons prepare for the fair, Jedi Padawan Ram Jomaram is hiding out in his favorite place: a dingy garage filled with mechanical parts and tools.
Poe welcomes Finn back upon his return, telling him Rey has already left.
Hunter worries what they're risking, especially when their mysterious new passengers cling to lies and secrets that trace back to an Imperial Security Bureau officer hot on their trail.
Luke is pleased: not only is he now a Jedi, but his father is once again on the light side of the Force.
Guessing the projectile's purpose, Luke tries to shoot it down – but the torpedo's shields hold and it strikes the Rebel moon with a planet-shattering blast.
That evening, the Max Rebo Band (led by Sy Snootles) entertains the Hutt's guests.
And without Han's help, Lando—and all life on Cloud City—will be annihilated.
She reluctantly tells them the base is on Dantooine, but Tarkin orders Alderaan to be destroyed anyway for its role in supporting the rebels.
He then says that he would have assigned Trachta to oversee the construction of the Death Star instead of Tarkin, if only Trachta wasn't necessary for the Emperor's operations on Coruscant.
C-3PO laments their friends' imminent deaths, but R2-D2 shows a kind of confidence, which C-3PO doesn't see any reason for.
Tarkin orders her to be executed.
Chewie, we're home.
The Pitareeze family name was tarnished by this, but the Baron was proud to have retained his honor even if he would not be able to sell the Pitareeze Cruiser himself.
Leia blamed Snoke but Luke blamed himself.
Over the intercom, Poe taunts Hux and pretends to ignore his threat to wipe out the Resistance.
Set before the events of Star Wars: A New Hope and the formation of the Empire, Droids features the adventures of protocol droid See-Threepio and astromech droid Artoo-Detoo in the Kalarba system.
Finn drags a wounded Rose on a makeshift stretcher into the Crait base while Ren lands his shuttle.
Having probed Rey's mind and learned Skywalker's location, Snoke releases his Force grip on Rey and mocks Skywalker for his "wisdom."
Brand is overjoyed to meet Leia and Vima Da-Boda... and to learn of Luke Skywalker's plan to restore the Jedi Knights.
Jannah offers to take them to the location of the wayfinder the next day.
Most urgently, Luke and the Jedi hope to draw the Emperor into a face-to-face confrontation that will end his dark reign - and restore peace to the galaxy - for all time to come.
And with each strike of her red blade, Iskat moves closer to claiming her new destiny in the Force—whatever the cost.
After being frozen in carbonite, then risking everything for the Rebellion, Han is eager to stop living his life for other people.
Chewbacca takes the Falcon, while Han and Fiolla board a cruise liner.
A vision, shared with Ren, terrifies the Jedi: the ascension of the Final Order above Exegol; the face of her murdered mentor and Ren's father, Han Solo; the pained words of her master, Luke Skywalker, as she tapped into the dark side; her duel with and alongside Ren against the Elite Praetorian Guards of Snoke; the departure of her parents from Jakku, leaving her behind in the grip of Unkar Plutt.
Operation: Cinder, the terrifying protocol of planetary extermination that began in the twilight of the Imperial era, burns throughout the galaxy.
When he awoke, Skywalker found his temple in flames and that Ben had taken some of his students and slaughtered the rest.
Corpses lay around the Knights of Ren who slaughtered these victims.
Kanos's final test before becoming a full-fledge Royal Guard was to battle to the death with his friend and classmate, Lemmet Tauk, before the Emperor.
Returning to the Resurgent-class Star Destroyer Finalizer, FN-2187 is overwhelmed with emotions because of the death of his squadmate and the massacre of the villagers.
After awakening on a gurney, Finn tries to tell Rose about his plan to find Rey.
At the Galactic Senate Chamber, Sidious hurls Senate pods at Yoda, and the effort to avoid them exhausts the Jedi Master.
Maul kicks the Jedi's lightsaber into the pit and prepares to finish him off.
Meanwhile, Poe and Finn lead the Resistance fleet through the cloud of red gas and debris and exit hyperspace above Exegol.
The fledgling New Republic has suffered a devastating attack from the Imperial remnant, forcing the new democracy to escalate their hunt for the hidden enemy.
Together with BB-8, Rey visits the abandoned Lars homestead, where she buries Luke and Leia's lightsabers in the sand, having now built her own— a new black-handled lightsaber with a yellow blade.
Finn arranges with Sidon Ithano and his first mate Quiggold that he will work as payment if they will fly him to the Outer Rim.
Facing their most desperate hour, the soldiers of the Empire have dispersed across the galaxy, retrenching on isolated worlds vulnerable to their influence.
Meanwhile on Phaeda, Mirith Sinn and Sish Sadeet escape aboard Kir Kanos's ship, which turns out to be built around a Skipray Blastboat, which they use to return to the Lusankya.
Only a handful of Royal Guards were alive, most having been killed on Byss when it was destroyed by the Galaxy Gun or aboard Eclipse II.
He tells his story that he was a stormtrooper in the First Order.
Now Tohm and Vader have infiltrated the deathly stillness of the abandoned Jedi Temple to confront the secrets of Vader's past, and to learn the facts about the Ghost Prison!
Jabba allows Leia to climb off his throne and watch her friends from a window.
One year after the tragic events of The Fallen Star, the Jedi fight to break the Nihil's control over the galaxy.
Meanwhile, Senator Palpatine meets with Queen Amidala to warn of corruption in the Senate and advises that she may have to call for a Vote of No Confidence in Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum.
But the Emperor has heard these rumors, too, and has sent a platoon of battle-hungry Dark Siders to bring the Holocron back to him.
Aboard the MC85 Star Cruiser Raddus, Finn, comatose after losing a fight with Ren on Starkiller Base, awakens and immediately starts looking for his friend, Rey.
As a cargo ship rockets across the galaxy to Canto Bight, the deckhands on board trade stories about legendary Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker.
Ren protests, claiming he embraced the dark side by killing Han, but Snoke furiously retorts that Ren instead psychologically weakened himself in committing the murder, causing him to be defeated by Rey, a junk scavenger who had previously never even wielded a lightsaber.
Before she can eliminate them, BB-8 commandeers a docked First Order AT-ST walker and intervenes, blasting the troopers.
Seeing this, Han, Chewbacca, Finn, and Rey try to create an opening by planting thermal detonators inside the base.
Luke counters by saying that both the Jedi and the Rebellion are born anew in Rey and the Resistance, and invites Ren to strike him down but tells he will always be with him just like Han.
On the Death Star, in the middle of the evacuation, Luke carries his father's ravaged body to the foot of an Imperial shuttle's ramp.
Prince Xizor is a mastermind of evil who dares to oppose one of the best-known fictional villains of all time: Darth Vader.
She is Aurra Sing, the most feared bounty hunter that the Republic has ever seen.
When the door collapses, he is startled to encounter a recovered General Organa, who stuns him.
Crucial components of the Rebel Alliance's X-wing fighters have been compromised by a neutral planet's desire for profits.
Anakin travels through the night and finds her tied and beaten in a Tusken camp.
Rey manages to break free by impaling the guard with her blade.
Ventress makes her way down to the planet, despite the clones' blockade around the planet, but Cody and the clones are able to blast the vulture droids out of the sky, forcing Ventress to retreat.
Qi'ra listened to the dreams and promises of a boy with a reckless smile, only to be torn away from him and returned to the White Worms gang while Han made his way to freedom.
Rule through the fear of force rather than force itself, he advises his Emperor.
Jax was accompanied by his private contingent of shadow stormtroopers.
Before he reaches her, she sees herself as a child yelling, to her parents to stay on Jakku.
She will take her revenge, and with a stroke of her saber, the Sith will be reborn! The Jedi are dead!
Snoke commends Hux for his plan and sends him to the bridge to oversee the pursuit of the Resistance.
Padmé reveals her conversation with Obi-Wan; he tells her it is only lies but does not deny the accusations.
Today is the end of the Republic! The end of a regime that acquiesces to disorder!
Holdo responds that hope is a fleeting faith.
Having decimated the peaceful Republic, Supreme Leader Snoke now deploys his merciless legions to seize military control of the galaxy.
But Rieve gets off to a rocky start, strugging with her lack of confidence both inside the Arena and with her fellow Hunters.
Reconciling with his deceased father, Kylo Ren tosses his lightsaber far off into the water near the wreckage of the Death Star, reclaiming his identity as Ben Solo and rejecting the dark side.
Jango Fett takes a job from Count Dooku, to kill a target on planet Atzerri.
Despite Hunter's concern with Phee’s precarious plans, the rest of the crew is fine following her lead.
Subsiquently Lando left the palace of Quaffug, having successfully convinced Quaffug to join forces with the Alliance.
But when the ship he's traveling on is knocked out of hyperspace in a galactic-wide disaster, Reath finds himself at the center of the action.
After the Fulminatrix exits hyperspace, one of General Hux's officers reports that a single fighter is flying to confront them.
The scope of the emergence, however, is enough to push even Jedi to their limit.
Facing clear death, Luke calls out to Ben Kenobi in vain (Kenobi had warned Luke that he would not be able to help Luke once he faced Vader).
Addressing his son as Ben, Solo touches his cheeks and reassures him that he has the strength to do what he needs to do.
The Rakatan commander, Sub-Predor Ceh'let, informs Predor Skal'nas of the heavy losses that her forces are taking, and Skal'nas allows Ceh'let to withdraw her forces to Ska Gora.
Meanwhile, the Resistance suffers heavy losses, including Wexley, whose X-wing crashes into a Sith Star Destroyer much to the dismay of Poe.
After exchanging greetings, Lord Vader tells Princess Organa that he is here to search her ship and cargo.
His path lit by his blade, the young man eventually wanders into a maze of unfamiliar equipment tended to by robed acolytes.
Rey then confesses to him that she wanted to join him and take his hand as Ben Solo.
He orders a memory wipe of the talkative protocol droid.
As the final showdown between the New Republic and the Empire draws near, all eyes turn to a once-isolated planet: Jakku.
And Han Solo, his grief locked deep inside, tells a story of Chewbacca's heroic rescue of Han's daughter.
Captain Quarsh Panaka and several other security forces were also dispatched to rescue anyone imprisoned in the Trade Federation's prison camps, although they were only able to successfully extract a handful.
With Phasma distracted, Finn knocks her to the ground with his Z6 riot control baton.
Haza and the pilot split the reward and the pilot informs Haza about the sabotage.
In another part of the galaxy, a former Imperial Guardsman turned bounty hunter, Kir Kanos, is ready to settle an old score after three years in hiding—if a new adversary doesn't kill him first!
When Windu asks how Anakin knows this, he tells Windu that Palpatine knows the ways of the Force and has been trained to use the dark side and that he is absolutely sure.
Rey complains about the damage to the Falcon but Poe counters by pointing out that BB-8 has been battered by the earlier training accident.
Once Nak's leg has been splinted, C-3PO creates a sled out of nearby wood and ferries his master back to the house.
And while Cal and his friends have survived run-ins with the Inquisitors before, how many times can they evade the Empire before their luck runs out?
Chewbacca, with a porg watching, fly the Falcon into a canyon that leads to the surface.
Obi-Wan tells Anakin to go on and rescue the Chancellor, but Anakin says he won't leave without Obi-Wan.
Ochi's true motives remain shrouded to Luke and Lando.
The starship includes a cloaking generator for invisibility as well as a speeder bike and a trio of Dark Eye probe droids.
The Rebel Alliance has learned of the existence of a terrifying Imperial weapon, capable of destroying entire planets: the Death Star.
The travel to Canto Bight on the planet Cantonica in the Corporate Sector.
Most, if not the entire surgery is carried out in true dark-side form, with Vader wide awake and apparently unanesthetized, leaving him moaning, screaming, and writhing in excruciating agony.
Rey sees Cloud City and sees that there Luke duelled Darth Vader.
His mother, Shara Bey, who was an A-wing pilot for the Rebellion against the Empire, was more than happy to show her son everything she knew about flying.
Newest to their ranks is Rieve, a Force-sensitive orphan from Corellia with abilities she can barely control, and a past she desperately wants to leave behind.
Sidious instructs Vader launch Operation: Knightfall, to ensure the so-called Jedi Rebellion is crushed, and then wipe out the Separatist Council on the Mustafar system, before declaring that "Once more the Sith will rule the galaxy."
The old Sith Lord assures his apprentice that Luke will seek Vader out, that only together would the Sith be able to turn Luke to the dark side of the Force, and that everything was proceeding as the Emperor has foreseen.
As Rey waits in the desert, Ren's TIE whisper roars through the desert only meters above the sand.
Before departing, C-3PO also tells R2-D2 that should he not survive, the astromech droid was the "best friend he ever had." Before leaving, Rey speaks once more with Leia, wishing that she could tell the Princess of Alderaan everything she wanted to.
Three more stories of Chewbacca's past unfold: Lando Calrissian and Chewbacca must fight for their lives in a corrupt Imperial arena!
Unable to find answers about her origins and family, she resolves to abandon her Jedi training and leave Ahch-To.
A bounty hunter named Jango Fett was hired as the template for the clones.
But it is troubling enough to the Imperial leader to warrant investigation by his most powerful agents: ruthless enforcer Lord Darth Vader and brilliant strategist Grand Admiral Thrawn.
Jax orders Shev not to take any action against the Rebels, but Shev receives intelligence from his informant, Tem Markon, concerning the whereabouts of the mysterious visitor, Kir Kanos.
Ren claims to Rey that Luke grew afraid of Ren's growing power and tried to murder him while he was asleep and defenseless.
He wants to leave Dagobah to rescue them, but Yoda reminds him that if he leaves now, everything his friends fought and suffered for will be destroyed.
Forno's mentioning that giving the components to Greck would make Nak's family—though he is self-interested—very wealthy interests him greatly.
THE ETERNAL FIGHT BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL… The brave Jedi vs the devious Sith!
An epic clash between the forces of light and dark, between the Galactic Republic and the Separatists, between brave heroes and brilliant villains, the fate of the galaxy is at stake in the Emmy Award-winning animated series, Star Wars: The Clone Wars.
Han and company enter the chamber for the experiment.
She blocks every bolt from her hovering training droid, but pauses and stares as it is revealed that Kylo Ren, to whom she is bound through the Force, is communing with his grandfather's helmet and speaking to her from his chambers far across the galaxy.
Meanwhile, Kylo reveals to Snoke that Rey is strong with the Force but untrained, and Snoke commands Kylo to bring Rey to him.
The Emperor and Darth Vader make the final preparations to destroy the Rebel Alliance once and for all.
Approximately 30 years after the destruction of the second Death Star, Luke Skywalker, the last known surviving Jedi Master has disappeared.
Luke Skywalker and Lando Calrissian return in this essential novel set between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens.
He tells Luke that he and his father were a part of the Jedi order that once protected the galaxy before the Empire took over and that Darth Vader was once his apprentice before he fell to the dark side of the Force and murdered Luke's father.
On Endor, the Ewok war hero Wicket W. Warrick and his son, Pommet, watch as another First Order Star Destroyer is destroyed by a heavy freighter via the "Holdo manuever" in the skies above the moon.
Meanwhile, Obi-Wan, remaining completely undetected, shuts down the tractor beam.
But there's something else rushing toward the Imperial City… something that wants Luke.
Han and company are pursued by Imperial TIE fighters.
He requested to speak to Mirith Sinn, now Chief of Security of the Palace but he was immdiatly arrested by the guards and imprisoned.
Palpatine meets Anakin personally assuring the kid that he will be watching his career with "great interest".
Yoda then reveals that Vader is indeed his father.
But the Imperials soon realize that the Mon Calamari attacks are a diversion for the real Rebel escape, and they set off with the intent of destroying the Rebels once and for all.
Obi-Wan refuses to join Dooku, saying that Dooku is wrong about the Republic and Jedi losing their ways and that Qui-Gon would have never joined Dooku if Qui-Gon was alive.
As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to escape the Galactic capital, a massive space battle erupts, into which race Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi and his former padawan, now Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, leading a mission to rescue the Chancellor.
When attackers kidnap the boy, Cross finds himself turning his back on his mission and putting his life on the line for a "pawn".
And how does Kir Kanos fit into this jigsaw puzzle of intrigue?
Placed beside one another, they form one massive Star Wars image with the Death Star at the center.
There, she encounters BB-8 struggling against being captured by a green-skinned humanoid scavenger named Teedo.
However, Luke suddenly arrives to comfort Leia.
Ignoring his outburst, the Council goes on to discuss matters concerning the war.
Xesh and Daegen Lok then flee from a trio of destructive Rakatan annihilators, and Xesh convinces Lok to order an airstrike on their position in order to take out the enemy walkers.
They were repelled by the Je'daii Order at Tython, though the Rakata have established a command post on Ska Gora.
Her death is sensed through the Force by Finn.
Left behind on Byss, Luke travels with the newly-powerful Emperor Palpatine to capture his sister Leia.
However, they would need to do it before the First Order charges the Starkiller weapon and destroys D'Qar.
Chewbacca reveals that the Falcon's landing gear is busted.
Meanwhile, General Grievous and several battle droids take over a Mon Calamari ship, killing all aboard.
Unfortunately for Han, the Guildmaster is of much heavier and stronger build, which results in Han dragging off the platform where the Millennium Falcon was held.
Rey helps Kylo to kill the last guard by handing him Skywalker's lightsaber, which he uses to impale the guard through the head, killing him.
Leia tells Poe that she approved of Holdo's evacuation plan, and that Holdo was more concerned with protecting the light than being a hero.
When Colonel Aftab Ackbar asks what they should do, Poe orders the starfighter pilots to hit the Sith Star Destroyers until reinforcements arrive.
The Millennium Falcon and its remaining Rebel fighters enter the bowels of the Death Star, and some fighters engage in a point-blank attack on the Super Star Destroyer, causing the Imperial flagship's destruction.
As the Millennium Falcon travels through hyperspace, Rey tells Chewbacca to get to safety as soon as he gets her signal to rendezvous.
So he jumps on Orrk.
Witnessed by Rey, Finn, and Chewbacca, Han strokes his son's face for the last time, before falling to his death.
Having finally met up with the rebels of Vorzyd 5, Luke is selected to meet with the secret government contact who can help the Rebel Alliance defeat the Empire.
The wampas have already broken into the base at this point and have obviously attacked some tauntauns.
Poe is also relieved that his former associate Zorii Bliss has come to their aid.
This scene was to come in between the scene where C-3PO spots a distant Jawa sandcrawler in the desert, and the capture of R2-D2 by the Jawas in the canyon.
Meanwhile, Rey climbs through the wreckage of the second Death Star to reach the Emperor's Throne Room.
Journey back in time, before Anakin Skywalker chose the dark side.
Yoda, however, states that Obi-Wan is not strong enough to face Sidious and that Anakin is gone, "consumed" by Vader.
Eventually, Anakin reveals his deep love for her, vowing to do whatever she requests. However, Padmé resists, explaining that it would be impossible for the two of them to be together since she is a Senator and he is a Jedi.
Meanwhile, as Darth Vader searches for the intruder who so explosively infiltrated the Imperial base on Blackfel, the intruder is setting up an elite stormtrooper platoon for a huge fall!!
The Empire is dead.
On the planet Vespaara lies the Grand Arena—a series of battlefields where fighters known as Hunters face off in teams to compete in front of roaring crowds.
Dameron complains to the droid that this is 'the one time we need you to talk, and you can't.'
Meanwhile, Anakin and Padmé have been spending much time together on Naboo, enjoying each other's company and playfully frolicking in the fields.
Meanwhile, two Ralltiir underground fighters Basso and Jiir discuss their planned operation.
Rejoin the adventures of the Jedi and Padawans, Pathfinders and Path members, heroes and villains ahead of the launch of Phase III.
In the Imperial base, Colonel Shev is in a panic because he understands the consequences for having deliberately disobeyed Jax.
Continuing the Force lightning attack on Rey, the Sith Lord angrily taunts her that she is nothing more than a scavenger girl and no match for the power in him.
During the Clone Wars, a single trooper—left for dead during battle—comes to hate the Jedi generals who abandoned him.
She reveals that Poe has a colorful past, once worked as a spice runner and that he still owes her money.
In the middle of remarking to herself that she loathes the place, she spotted a landspeeder with a potential Reess in the driver's seat and a young Wuher in the passenger's seat.
Rey manages to kill a Praetorian with her lightsaber but a second Praetorian wraps his Bilari electro-chain whip around her blade.
When Wexley says they have not heard from the Falcon, Tico asks if he has to be pessimistic.
Enraged and heartbroken, he massacres the Tusken community: men, women, and even children.
The Baron says it is a long story, but the arrival of Jace Forno prompts him to tell his grandson about it.
Aboard the Steadfast, Darth Sidious communes with Allegiant General Pryde via hologram.
Disobeying General Organa's orders to disengage, Poe continues with the assault.
The pair crash land on the surface of Kalarba near the house, alive, though Nak's leg is injured.
Fan-favorite Padawans and younglings must team-up to stop the seemingly unstoppable blight all while dealing with technological terrors in the form of crab-like scav droids that destroy everything in their path!
Poe takes a shot at Ren from cover, but Ren casually stops the blaster bolt in mid-air with the Force.
The brave men and women of the Resistance must stand against Kylo Ren and the villainous First Order.
Obi-Wan Kenobi has deep respect for his Master, but struggles to understand him.
Warring pirate factions have infested the sector in the increasing absence of the Jedi.
As stormtroopers converge in the hangar, Kylo Ren arrives and faces off Rey.
Rey asks Finn what he meant when he said that he never told her.
Skywalker explains that the Force does not belong to the Jedi, urging her to reject her simplistic view of the Force as cleanly defined between the light and the dark sides of the Force.
Ren resolves to confront Skywalker despite Hux's objections, whom he shoves against the hull of the command shuttle's cockpit.
They depart for Coruscant, the Galactic Republic's capital planet, to ask for help from the Senate.
The digital release edits the list and instead places Triton, Abtin, and Elrood behind the new Stormwall border.
When Ghima inquires as to the Jedi acolyte's family name, she replies that she doesn't have one.
As Thrawn and the Expansionary Defense Fleet rally to uncover the enemy plot, they discover a chilling truth.
As there are only ever two Sith at any given time (a Master and an apprentice), both Masters believe that one must still remain.
Luke and Kam Solusar plan to investigate the planet Ossus, an ancient center of Jedi culture.
C-3PO think that they are in the underworld.
However, Rey turns down his offer again as the Falcon arrives and uses its thrusters to throw back the stormtroopers.
Han and the strike team are led out of the bunker by the stormtroopers, but the droids and the Ewoks have already orchestrated the attack on the Empire, and another intense battle commences with the Rebels and Ewoks on one side, the Empire on another.
Obi-Wan quickly cuts off the lower halves of the General's hands, helping to even out the odds a little.
While parrying in Ren's quarters, Ren tells Rey that Sidious had sent Ochi to find and recover Rey.
Obi-Wan then joins the other Jedi in urging Rey to rise, lending their strength to the weakened woman.
Without Qui-Gon and his unorthodox views, Mace feels out of balance.
He vows to destroy Skywalker and the Jedi Order.
General Hux proposes destroying the city but Ren raises his finger menacingly, cutting him off.
Ren replies that he never lied to her and that her parents were "no ones" because they chose to be to keep her safe.
Anakin ignites his lightsaber and threatens to kill Palpatine, but then decides to expose his deception and identity to the Jedi Council.
Luke escapes the Death Star with his father's body and flies out through the flames, as do Wedge Antilles and the Millennium Falcon before the Death Star explodes.
Flipping the switch to take them to lightspeed, Han realizes (with reluctant help from 3PO) that the hyperdrive has been damaged.
This masked savior asks Rey and her team to follow him.
Although they initially believe themselves to be captured by the First Order, they soon meet their real captors: Han Solo and Chewbacca, the former owners of the ship.
Leia gives the evacuation command for the base as they leave.
The ship is protected from the head of entry by a shield and C-3PO programs a landing sequence that will take them to the Baron.
Through a hologram, Sidious informs the Separatist Council that Vader would take care of them once he arrived, though the council is unaware that Sidious had betrayed them and truly sent Vader to kill them.
On Ryloth, a planet crucial to the growing Empire as a source of slave labor and the narcotic known as "spice," an aggressive resistance movement has arisen, led by Cham Syndulla, an idealistic freedom fighter, and Isval, a vengeful former slave.
After DJ slices through the First Order's sensor systems, he flies the Libertine inside the massive warship.
Kylo kills one with his lightsaber.
When General Hux demands to know why Captain Canady is not shooting down the enemy fighter, Canady replies that the ship is too small and at too close range.
Hux suggests using the Starkiller superweapon to destroy the government of the New Republic and the Resistance, and Snoke grants him the permission to do so.
Leia tells hers subordinates that their priorities now is to find a new Resistance base.
As this happens, Yoda feels everyone who is dying.
As she prepares to throw Luke's lightsaber into the burning wreckage of Kylo's TIE whisper, Luke's Force spirit appears and tells Rey that a Jedi's weapon deserves more respect.
After a colliding TIE fighter kills the pilot Finch Dallow, Paige manually releases the bomb load just as the Dreadnought's auto-cannon finishes recharging.
In front of him is the burned helmet of Vader, recovered from the funeral pyre on Endor.
Can he connect with the living Force in time to save himself and everyone around him?
As Hunter tries to get the crew back on a stable, safe path far, far away from anything to do with the Empire's watchdogs, their overlapping missions only invite more danger and chaos.
With the Jedi at the height of their power, the free citizens of the galaxy are confident in their ability to weather any storm.
A puzzled Rey follows Luke into his hut in the nearby Jedi village.
But something is awakening inside of Rey, something that might turn the tides of fortune in the galaxy....
Maz gives Luke's old lightsaber to Finn for safekeeping, telling Han she doesn't have time to tell him how she retrieved it.
They approach each other on a bridge over a large pit, and Han pleads with his son to reject Snoke and return to the light side of the Force.
When Jannah asks how he knows, he replies that he feels it.
Poe and Zorii exchange a look and it seems like Poe is trying to ask Zorii if she would like to celebrate with him privately, to which she shakes her head.
Once inside, he has a vision of himself angrily confronting Darth Vader and beheading him.
Their plan is to attack the scattered Sith fleet. Lando supports their plans.
Orrk defends himself by saying how selflessly the metalsmiths work.
Jannah likened it to an instinct while Finn says that Force brought him and his friends here.
Galen's energy-focused research has captured the attention of both Krennic and his foes, making the scientist a crucial pawn in the galactic conflict.
Is anyone even willing to talk about the Jedi and what happened to them, as their memory continues to fade and the First Order rises?
Then, Rey remembers that two Sith wayfinders were made, and salvages Vader's wayfinder from the burning TIE whisper.
Skywalker blames himself for the loss of Ben Solo.
Mattis and his friends need to rescue Jo and get off-planet as fast as they can so they can warn the Resistance about the secret base … but will they be able to stop squabbling among themselves?
Witness the epic final chapter of the Skywalker saga with the official novelization of Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, including expanded scenes and additional content not seen in theaters!
Unaware of the Emperor's return, the leaders of the Rebel Alliance gather to hear a daring strategy: Lando Calrissian and Wedge Antilles will intercept a cargo of Imperial war droids and use them to attack the Emperor's citadel on Byss.
Sing burst in, crushed several wampas in a cave-in, fatally wounded the pirate with her blaster pistol, and then escaped with her bounty, fleeing the remaining wampa with the help of a jetpack.
Anakin then reminds Rey that the Force surrounds her while Master Aayla Secura tells Rey to let the Force guide her as Ahsoka's voice finishes the statement.
He is overjoyed to be reunited with his friend Biggs Darklighter who is on planet leave from the Academy.
As he speaks, the Sith Eternal forces inflict causalities on the Resistance starfighters and landing team.
Obi-Wan separates from the group to disable the tractor beam, leaving the others alone.
As the battle rages on above the castle, the remaining First Order troops board their ships and retreat, and Han witnesses his son carrying an unconscious Rey away.
In the wake of their harrowing escape from Crait, what was once an army has been reduced to a handful of wounded heroes.
Leia, pregnant with her third child, will journey with Han Solo to New Alderaan to be with their twin children.
The voice of Master Qui-Gon Jinn tells Rey that every Jedi who has ever lived lives in her.
For both Elzar and Bell, their failures and losses weigh heavily upon them as they search desperately for a solution.
Luke is sucked into an air vent, exits the underbelly of the city and catches an antenna beneath Cloud City.
Poe and his astromech droid BB-8 attempt to flee in their T-70 X-wing starfighter, but a pair of stormtroopers disable the engines with their blasters.
When Poe confirms they are from the Resistance, she tells them that they picked up a transmission from Babu Frik telling that Rey and her team were the last hope.
In a deleted scene, Yoda travels to Dagobah to begin his self-imposed exile, which he partly owes as penance for his failure to defeat Sidious.
They are attacked by an opee sea killer and a colo claw fish but both fish are eaten by a sando aqua monster.
Now, once again thrill to the adventures of Luke and Leia, the swashbuckling Han Solo and his trusted companion Chewbacca, the dastardly Darth Vader, and the faithful droids Artoo-Detoo and See-Threepio -- just like those childhood memories you had when you stood in line for two hours to see the movie for the first time!
Han Solo and Chewbacca first acquire the Millennium Falcon in Rebel Dawn, which is dated to 2-0 BBY by The Essential Reader's Companion.
Via video communication, Vader Force chokes Ozzel to death for his incompetence, then appoints Captain Firmus Piett the new Admiral on the spot.
When her parents were leaving Jakku, Unkar Plutt told her to quiet herself.
Rey dismisses his words, telling him that she experienced a vision of herself and Ren on the Throne of the Sith while touching the dagger.
On the verge of victory in a brutal war, five New Republic pilots transform from hunted to hunters in this epic STAR WARS adventure.
Lando apparently remained behind on Pasaana.
Boba Fett uses his jetpack to fly off of the barge and land on the skiff as Luke is in the act of freeing Han and Chewbacca.
Across the Ascendancy, seemingly inconsequential events could herald the doom of the Chiss.
Meanwhile, with Padmé on a secret mission, her handmaiden Sabé steps into the role of Senator Amidala, something no handmaiden has done for an extended period of time.
Rey finds and grabs Ochi's blade, which carries a vision of her parents, when she breaks free of the vision a bond with Kylo begins.
Sidious recalls that her master Luke had his father to help him while the only family that Rey has is him.
Sidious and Windu continue the fight, dueling fiercely.
With failure meaning certain death, Qi'ra knows she must immerse herself in the merciless, murderous world of Crimson Dawn.
Now, Hock believes he has found a truly great warrior who deserves loyalty and commands respect—Darth Vader!
Raymus Antilles informs her that the Imperials have posted a guard at their boarding lock.
Having fallen foul of a ray shield trap, the three are brought to the bridge under custody, but R2 successfully creates a distraction, allowing the Jedi to retrieve their lightsabers and break free.
Anakin welcomes the opportunity, as he often becomes angry and frustrated by Obi-Wan's criticism and is glad to have an opportunity to be on his own.
However, Vader realizes that the Rebels have been alerted to the fleet's arrival.
All that remains for Luke is to confront Vader.
Despite this, Sidious wants no interference from any outside forces, and orders his apprentice to strike at the heart of the criminal organization Black Sun.
Noticing he is bare-chested, she asks if Kylo has something he can put on.
This sparked a battle between him and the Jokhalli leader which Lando won.
Ren insists that his father means nothing to him, and with Snoke's training, he would not be seduced to the light side of the Force.
The chiefs refuse, but they allow both Jem and Rayf to leave Ossus with Luke – as his Jedi apprentices.
Believing he can read Ren's mind, Snoke is jubilant and mocks Rey.
Nak squirms over to it, presses the button with his chin, and commands the wakened droid to untie him.
Together with Padmé's loyal handmaidens, Padmé and Sabé must navigate treacherous politics, adapt to constantly changing landscapes, and forge a new identity beyond the queen's shadow.
As Boba Fett hones in on his quarry, he is followed by Darth Vader's hired goons, but the Dark Lord trusts no one in this particular endeavor, nor does he expect any of them to walk away once the prize is his.
Meanwhile, the Republic, led by its two chancellors, works to unite worlds in an ever-growing community among near and distant stars.
When Skywalker asks what she is doing here, she tells him that she needs his help to master the Force.
Obi-Wan deduces that Padmé is carrying Anakin's child, who already knew the two had been together all along and apologizes to her for what he had no choice to do before leaving.
Many years later, Boba Fett takes a job to find Connor, who owns a lot of money to crime lord Tayand.
He quietly walks down the corridors of Cloud City.
On Bespin, a damaged Resurgent Star Destroyer descends into the atmosphere below Cloud City.
Though he's a long way from mastering the power of the Force, there's no denying his phenomenal skills as a pilot—and in the eyes of Rebel leaders Princess Leia Organa and Admiral Ackbar, there's no one better qualified to carry out a daring rescue mission crucial to the Alliance cause.
Elsewhere, across the Galaxy, Rebel commandos led by Lando Calrissian and Wedge Antilles set into motion a dangerous plan to strike at the heart of the Empire!
Luke Skywalker recounts the final moments of Chewbacca on the burning, heaving surface of Sernpidal, and marvels at his friend's sacrifice.
Luke says that Rey has everything she needs.
When Jax resumes torturing Sinn, the Star Destroyer Steadfast has arrived in orbit to join Emperor's Revenge.
Master Mace Windu tells her to feel the Force while Anakin tells her to let it lift her.
He is anxious that the Resistance is down to one ship and asks what hope they have.
Undercover as a diplomatic attaché, Imperial agent Jahan Cross continues his investigation into the stolen droid technology and the mysterious project known as "Iron Eclipse".
Maul begins his assault by attacking the Black Sun sentries.
But as keen a weapon as Thrawn has become, the Emperor dreams of something far more destructive.
However, an intelligence report concerning a recently-landed freighter revives his hope that he will be able to capture Kanos.
But it is a dark time for the Rebel Alliance: deploying Umak Leth's new terror weapon, Emperor Palpatine has once again asserted his technological dominance over the galaxy.
Before Poe and BB-8 can board their X-wing, Kylo Ren fires a pair of torpedos into the Raddus' starboard hangar which destroy all the parked fighters and kill several pilots, including Lintra.
Lovey notices the commotion but the Master Codebreaker is engrossed with a game of dice. BB-8 is thrown out of the casino by the police.
The taxation of trade routes to outlying star systems is in dispute.
For a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights brought peace and order to the Galactic Republic, aided by their connection to the mystical energy field known as the Force.
Zorii interprets for Babu, who explains that he has found Sith words in C-3PO's forbidden memory.
Kylo Ren asks Rey if Skywalker told him what happened at his Jedi Temple.
But never tell Han Solo the odds.
He'd rather stay at the Jedi Temple, studying the archives.
Vader knocks Luke off his feet and invites him to surrender so that he won't let himself be killed, like Obi-Wan.
When Luke's spy mission in Imperial territory turns out to be a trap set by none other than Darth Vader, his only hope for escape is a beautiful thief named Tanith Shire.
Awakening now from a thousand-year sleep, Master Ood engages Sedriss in a great Force-battle.
But just in case they aren't good enough to take out the bounty hunter, Darth Vader himself arrives to complete the mission!
After they leave, Hux claims that it was a coordinated incursion and that the Resistance team overpowered the guards and forced him to take them to his ship.
Outside, Luke and his companions (with Lando, still in disguise) discuss their situation.
Horrified and angered at having witnessed Obi-Wan's demise at the hands of Vader, Luke and the others are forced to flee on the Millennium Falcon under a hail of blaster fire from the stormtroopers.
For Leia, a lifetime of fighting doesn't truly seem over.
C-3PO says that Holdo will not agree to their plan but Poe is determined to proceed.
Han realizes that this must be the location of the Authority's covert prison facility.
Despite the risk to C-3PO, a desperate Poe and Finn decide to perform the memory wipe since the galaxy is at stake.
Later, a dismayed Poe awakes to see the transports evacuating from the Raddus.
Poe also tells Zorii that the Resistance sent out a distress call during the Battle of Crait but that nobody came, which he blames on fear and people giving up.
Then and there, the guardsmen swore to avenge their Emperor and kill the traitor Carnor Jax.
Their fathier carries them up a hill to the outskirts of the city where they narrowly avoid falling off a cliff.
So the Council makes the bold decision to bring both sides of the Force's power to bear—pairing brash Jedi Knight Quinlan Vos with infamous one-time Sith acolyte Asajj Ventress.
Rey asks Chewbacca if they have heard anything from the Resistance to which he replies in Shyriiwook that he hasn't.
R2-D2 manages to shut down the compactor just in time, although, amidst the muffled cries of joy over the comlink, C-3PO is briefly convinced that his master and friends have been crushed.
Before he making the killing move, Jax is stopped by the arrival of Sinn and Sadeet, holding him in the sights of their weapons and demand he surrender as a live prisoner.
Rey believes that Kylo Ren can still be saved from the dark side.
When Leia decides to become involved herself in the fight against the Empire, whether her parents approve or not, she will have to prove to them that she is a valuable asset who must be allowed to take a stand, regardless of the risk to herself.
Snoke demands that Rey reveal Skywalker's location but she remains defiant.
But Boba Fett knows the craft of tracking, and he also knows that if Vader wants something this badly, it must be very precious indeed!
Masters Windu, Kit Fisto, Agen Kolar, and Saesee Tiin board a gunship and head to Palpatine's office.
Meanwhile, on Kef Bir, Rey and Kylo Ren continue their duel on the watery Death Star ruins as the waves crash around them.
He tells Ren that he will rule all the galaxy as the new Emperor, but he also issues a warning that Rey is not who he thinks she is.
They prepare to swing from a loose cable on the barge's sails, and Luke discharges the gun, beginning to destroy the barge.
There she found Kairn in his hut, packing his belongings.
Han and the Rebels' recent adventures throughout the galaxy have not gone completely unnoticed by those interested in taking advantage of the easy money.
To maintain their dominance, the pirates unite, intent on assassinating the Council.
Hanging like a jewel in the Outer Rim, the Beacon embodies the High Republic at the apex of its aspirations: a hub of culture and knowledge, a bright torch against the darkness of the unknown, and an extended hand of welcome to the furthest reaches of the galaxy.
When Gunray asked if that would be legal, Sidious says that he would ensure that it was.
Sidious is displeased that the late Princess of Alderaan has disrupted his plan but thinks that her "foolish act" was in vain.
Along with fresh new Padawan Ahsoka Tano—Anakin and Obi-Wan have liberated the droid-occupied planet and halted its destruction, but the native Togruta people have disappeared.
Using his anger, Anakin taps into the dark side of the Force and gets the better of the duel.
Left alone and aware of what just happened, Rey realizes it is as Kanata told her: she truly is Force-sensitive.
As Jabba orders the prisoners to be taken away, Luke warns him that he's made his last mistake, at which the Hutt laughs in amusement.
Led by the Nine Ruling Families, their leadership stands as a bulwark of stability against the Chaos of the Unknown Regions.
Rey is pursued by the jet troopers and two treadspeeders while Poe takes the skiff speeder through a narrow canyon.
Luke returns upset, but Obi-Wan tells him there was nothing he could do, and that he would have been killed too and the plans would be in possession of the Empire.
But the prospective spy's sympathies lie with the Rebels, and she's willing to join their effort in exchange for being reunited with her family.
Experience Star Wars: A New Hope from a whole new point of view.
He orders Pryde to come to him on Exegol.
Every bounty hunter on Nar Shaddaa is looking to bag the head of the infamous Han Solo, but Boba Fett is determined to take home the trophy.
Realizing that the Resistance is in the mine, Kylo Ren orders his forces to push them and dispatches TIE fighters.
Chewbacca cries for his fallen friend.
Is Skywalker really a famous Jedi hero, an elaborate charlatan, or even part droid?
During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the DEATH STAR, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.
Meanwhile, Chancellor Palpatine and a number of senators, including Bail Organa, oversee the launching of massive clone trooper forces.
When news reaches Han Solo and Leia Organa, they rush to the rescue… (along with Wookiee Chewbacca and droid C-3PO, of course!).
Thrawn's mastery of strategy must guide him through an impossible choice: duty to the Chiss Ascendancy, or fealty to the Empire he has sworn to serve.
Xesh uses his Force Hound training to locate the Rakatan command center, which sparks an ambitious plan: infiltrate the enemy stronghold and kill the supreme commander.
Rey calls Ren a monster and then proceeds to shoot him with her blaster, but Ren knocks Rey out by Force pushing her into a tree.
Sadeet notices a brief flicker of light from Blim's location and proceeds to investigate.
Anakin is also troubled by a newfound sense that his mother is in grave danger, and he beckons for Padmé to accompany him to his home planet of Tatooine— in the process, disobeying Obi-Wan's orders to remain on Naboo.
Rey tries to seize Skywalker's lightsaber with the Force but Snoke uses the Force to hurl it at her.
Across the galaxy, Luke Skywalker, Kam Solusar, and the young Jedi Knights Jem and Rayf Ysanna head for the Alliance command base on the pinnacled fifth moon of Da Soocha.
Leia, Luke, Han, and Chewie finally make it back to Rebel headquarters in the Yavin system only to find it under attack by Imperial forces!
Meanwhile, the captured Millennium Falcon is escorted by First Order TIEs aboard the Steadfast.
A planet of lush forests, precarious mountains, and towering, petrified trees, Batuu is on the furthest possible frontier of the galactic map, the last settled world before the mysterious expanse of Wild Space.
The lines between good and evil are blurred in Revenge of the Sith.
Ren orders the First Order walkers to unleash a massive volley of turbolaser fire on Luke's position.
After Hux leaves, Snoke recalls seeing in Ren the potential to become a new Darth Vader, but now doubts his apprentice's resolve to fully embrace the dark side of the Force.
Antilles and his troops evacuate Organa, Madam Mia Ikova and Karg.
Kylo Ren exits a turbolift and enter Supreme Leader Snoke's throne room aboard the Mega-class Star Dreadnought Supremacy.
Kylo Ren responds that he foresaw that she will turn to him and claims to know who her parents are.
In this struggle, Rey accidentally releases a burst of Force lightning, destroying the vessel and seemingly killing Chewbacca.
Jabba and his guests laugh off this last threat and order the execution to commence.
Boba Fett is on a mission to uphold his father's honor.
They pursue her through Galactic City, eventually disarming her in the Outlander Club.
Scavenging through the Imperial Star Destroyer, she finds a valuable piece of salvage and drops it in her satchel.
While Finn staggers to an animal trough to desperately slake his thirst, he notices thugs attempting to steal a BB unit droid, which Finn recognizes as BB-8, from a woman, Rey, but she fends them off with her staff.
Rey reminds Skywalker about the redemption of his father.
Connix informs D'Acy that the Resistance broadcast has reached multiple points but that they have received no response. Leia laments that the galaxy has lost hope.
Just then, Poe hears Lando's voice on the comlink, reassuring him that "there are more of them."
The 900-year-old Jedi Master gives one last mention of wisdom to the young Jedi before he dies, disappearing in the way Obi-Wan Kenobi did aboard the first Death Star, thereby becoming one with the Force.
Ren learns that the map is located within a BB series droid that fled the village, and informs General Armitage Hux of the new information.
Shortly later, a hand appears at the edge of the chasm and an injured Ben pulls himself up, falling to his knees beside Rey and pulling her dead body into his lap.
Once more, the Sith will rule the galaxy! And we shall have... peace.
Ren orders Pryde to alert the local troops and to dispatch reinforcements to Pasaana.
The duel between Obi-Wan and Anakin is lengthened and is much more exaggerated. It also contains many references to Expanded Universe characters, such as Raith Sienar or Garm Bel Iblis, for example, and some details, like the way Shaak Ti meets her fate, and Captain Needa's appearance at the Battle of Coruscant differ from their movie counterparts.
The droid leads Grievous to a dark closet, which is filled with younglings…. He withdraws and activates his lightsabers....
However, the severed head's mask bursts apart and reveals Luke's face with a scared look underneath; it is a warning that if Luke battles Vader with no emotional control, he will become Vader himself, seduced by the Dark Side.
Forno is a representative of Olag Greck, an old business associate of the Baron's, and she proposes that the Baron provide Greck with the MT-5 hyperdrive units created by the Baron's company, Pitareeze Inc., that far surpass its contemporary components.
However, Resistance T-70 X-wings led by Poe Dameron, who is now revealed to still be alive, arrive to fight the First Order.
Meanwhile, Luke meets the face behind the Force storm, a familiar face, while Leia feels Luke being torn away.
The device works and their ship lands in the Star Destroyer without question.
Meanwhile, in the Supremacy's hangar bay, Finn and Rose are brought out for a public execution in the presence of General Hux, Captain Phasma, and many First Order officers, soldiers, and pilots.
Lando and Chewbacca begin their parts of a most dangerous mission...rescuing Han.
Further, he has become infatuated with Padmé and relishes the chance to spend time with her.
While navigating through the Star Destroyer's corridors, Rey uses a mind trick to confuse the stormtroopers, enabling them to find Chewie.
The Falcon finally leaves Bespin's gravitational field and is about to escape into hyperspace when the hyperdrive system again fails (as it turns out - this is the work of the imperial specialists, as reported by the city computer R2-D2 accessed).
When the fleet disperses to search for the Falcon, the Rebels wait for the ship to do its standard dump of refuse before jumping, then detach to float away with it.
Luke had tried to rebuild the Jedi Order, but an apprentice of his turned to the dark side, destroying all that Luke had built and killing the other padawans that Luke had trained.
As the search continues, the dangers of the field begin to take their toll: an asteroid smashes into the bridge tower of a Star Destroyer, presumably killing all aboard.
But Kevmo is so kind and eager to learn more about the Path, that she hopes she can convince him of the rightness of her beliefs.
Hidden within a shipment of War Droids spacebound for the Emperor's throneworld, they're going to take down the Empire or go down themselves! It's kamikazee-fighting, Calrissian style!
Has the ancient Lord of the Sith truly returned?
Outside, Rey discovers the pile of rocks and uses the Force to lift them. As the Resistance fighters stream out, Rey hugs Finn.
Vader is raised to a standing position, his surgery complete.
Besides the significant threat of Kairn's Jedi training, the priestess explained, the main complication was his hiring of twin Shi'ido brothers as decoys.
Han and Leia are reunited, and Han reveals to Leia that he saw their son.
Our Rebel heroes seek help from the Mon Calamari in evacuating their Yavin base, but soon get embroiled in a mystery involving a distress beacon of unknown origin, scads of Imperial troopers, giant sea worms, an amphibian rescue, more giant sea worms, a droid or two, a few more scads of Imperial troopers, and just a bit more excitement than a 32-page color comic book has any right to provide.
On the Death Star, the enraged Emperor declares that if Luke will not turn to the dark side, he will be destroyed, and uses Force lightning against the young Jedi.
Leia, however, notes that Luke is now at peace and that the Rebellion has all it needs to rise again.
The Confederacy's cyborg military leader, General Grievous of the Separatist Droid Army, has brought the war to Coruscant and captured Supreme Chancellor Sheev Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate, during a massive space battle.
Meanwhile, on the Millennium Falcon, ex-stormtrooper Finn and Resistance pilot Poe Dameron engage the Wookiee Chewbacca in an intense game of dejarik.
With the help of BB-8, the Resistance operatives and DJ escape the police headquarters through the sewers.
The destruction of it activates the ship' emergency breach door, which quickly begins closing.
Still mourning Obi-Wan's death, Luke helps Solo fend off a squadron of TIE fighters.
After retrieving the wayfinder, Ren urges Rey to embrace the dark side.
Princess Leia gives the Rebel fighters instructions on the evacuation to leave Hoth two to three ships at a time past the energy shield to a rendezvous point, which is beyond the outer rim.
The Death Star is destroyed.
Alphabet Squadron's ships are as ramshackle and damaged as their spirits, but they've always had one another.
Distracted by the vision, she ultimately batters the training remote with her staff, but damages BB-8 in the process.
Dooku swings his blade high over his head and brings it down as Anakin, who had just awoken from being tossed to the rocks, leaped foward and blocked Dooku's killing strike on Obi-Wan, engaging Dooku, who toyed with him for several minutes before slicing off Anakin's right hand and force pushing it to the ground next to the defeated Obi-Wan.
Master Yoda trained Dooku; Dooku trained Qui-Gon Jinn; and now Qui-Gon has a Padawan of his own.
Luke quickly realizes the AT-AT's armor is far too strong for blasters and decides to use attached harpoons and tow cables to tangle the walker's legs.
Now Leia has to find a way to escape from a colony riddled with Imperials, on a planet where a single misstep can kill!
But they are about to confront a new adversary from the Emperor's arsenal of dark-side surprises.
One year after the Infinite Empire of the Rakata species has invaded the Tython system, the Empire has conquered the planets Furies Gate, Obri, Mawr, and Ska Gora.
After testing the boy and deliberating with one another, the Council refuses, deeming him too old for training according to the Jedi Code.
The Rebellion has learned of a sinister Imperial plot to bring entire worlds to their knees.
Rey takes the skimmer through the choppy seas.
Later, Han heard a familiar sound, which was a crackle on Chewbacca's rifle.
His prisoner has what Cardinal so desperately seeks, but she won't surrender it easily.
Luke tells Rey that a thousand generations now live in her and tells her to take both blades to Exegol.
Despite the presence of other Je'daii in the area, Lok orders Hawk Ryo and his Hunter-class starfighters to bomb the Annihilators.
Finn pulls out Luke's old lightsaber and attacks him in a rage.
Rey never thought she would leave the desert planet of Jakku, but her life is turned upside down when she meets BB-8, a small droid with a big secret.
Moments later the battle station explodes, killing Tarkin and everyone on board, while Vader escapes into space.
General Hux orders the Supremacy to open fire on the Resistance transports, destroying several ships and inflicting heavy losses on the Resistance.
Surprised, Palpatine states that he had assurances from the Chancellor that his ambassadors did arrive.
Anakin continues the battle and is repeatedly taunted by Dooku.
Having arrived on the water world of Ahch-To with the Wookiee Chewbacca and astromech droid R2-D2 aboard the Millennium Falcon, the Force-sensitive Rey meets Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
Now the Empire wants the cruisers so they can regain power.
With their monkey-lizard, Morq, and their family droid, CR-8R, Milo and Lina fly their parents' starship, the Whisper Bird, to the remote planet of Thune to ask an old friend for help.
They fight command center with the dead Separatist leaders on the floor.
The Senate has granted the Chancellor further emergency powers, giving him direct control of the Jedi Council.
It is revealed that Han and Leia are aware that their son is Kylo Ren, and that their son's fall to the dark side, despite Luke's efforts to guide him, caused them to separate, with Han returning to his smuggling business and Leia spearheading the activities of the Resistance.
The Je'daii have allied with the Settled Worlds and appointed Rajivari as the general of their joint forces, and also constructed Forcesabers with the aid of the former Force Hound-turned-Je'daii Xesh—but the weapons forced the Je'daii to draw upon the dark side of the Force.
While Galen and Lyra believe that his energy research will be used purely in altruistic ways, Krennic has other plans that will finally make the Death Star a reality.
Ren becomes so impressed with Rey that he tries to tempt her, complimenting her strength with the Force and offering to complete her training if she joins him.
When the parents of Milo and Lina Graf are abducted by agents of the evil Empire, the children must undertake a perilous journey across the unknown reaches of Wild Space to rescue them – and to discover hope for the future.
But before that, our Rebel heroes will have to face a regular rogues' gallery of Star Wars rapscallions and wretches – Darth Vader, Raskar, Skorr, and even that most nefarious of bounty hunters... Boba Fett!
Discovered by Leia, Luke then uses the Force to levitate C-3PO to show off his "great magic."
Ren then orders Hux to prepare for a ground assault on Crait.
Intrigue, deception, and betrayal are commonplace as those who would replace the Emperor pursue their goals.
Luke then cries out to his father to help him.
Plunge into hyperspace with eleven action-packed "Star Wars" stories: Jedi Master Yoda has a lightsaber showdown with the dreaded Count Dooku, Luke Skywalker and the Rebels wage a battle against time to destroy the Death Star, and brave Rey finds a new friend in the droid BB-8.
Skywalker uses a long pole to reach the other side of the cliff and catch a large fish.
Canady's dreadnought manages to destroy the Resistance base from orbit but not before the last transport led by Lieutenant Kaydel Ko Connix escapes into space.
But Luke's vow will be difficult to accomplish.
When the buyers encountered numerous design defects, Greck pleaded to the Baron for assistance in correcting the Greck Cruiser's faulty design and when the Baron declined Greck blamed the Baron publicly as the one who had designed the craft.
On Alderaan, the infant Leia is brought by Bail Organa to his wife, Queen Breha.
With dawning horror, Luke hurries home only to find it burning and his aunt and uncle's charred remains, both brutally murdered by the same stormtroopers.
Troopships and heavy armor are directed against Imperial supply ports and shipyards . . . and, without success, against the Galaxy Gun itself.
This scene establishes Luke's difficult relationships with his peers, and gives a picture of life on Tatooine.
With his last shred of hope and love now gone and his mind broken by the realization that he himself killed the person he wanted to save, Vader rips himself free of the operating table and unleashes a powerful scream of rage, shame, and grief through the Force, shattering the droids and equipment. Vader screams "Nooo!" in anger and despair, while the Emperor looks on with an evil grin.
Before the events of A New Hope, Darth Vader employed the galaxy's greatest bounty hunter on a search-and-retrieval mission: Boba Fett must discover and return to Vader a single small box, the contents of which could change the fate of the galaxy.
Rey says that it was trying to show her something Luke is alarmed that Rey showed little inclination to resist the dark side.
Her brother, Luke, is offering her that chance–one that comes with family and the promise of the Force.
Soon, a Dragon Slug joined the chase, having been awakened by the cave-in.
The night before the race, Qui-Gon does a blood test on Anakin and discovers that the boy's midi-chlorian reading is off the chart.
Trust in the wisdom of the Council.
The name's Cross.
But Karr also has a secret: when he touches certain objects, he gets searing headaches and blacks out.
The two witness a child racer being beaten by the overseer Bargwill Tomder.
He also mentions that Han's passengers are the last descendants of the two families that initially founded the metal-rich planet.
As a young Jedi, Qui-Gon protected the Sa'ad farming clan from the planet's less scrupulous factions.
In hiding for generations, the Sith have waited for the precise moment to reveal themselves to the galaxy.
Yoda asks Kenobi if he will finish whatever training he begins, then suspects that Luke will someday succumb to fear.
Poe protests but Leia tells him that there are things that he cannot solve by getting into an X-wing and blowing things up.
Rescuing the droid from beneath the tree that had collapsed on him, Rey returns to the base and concedes to Leia that she feels tired and unready to wield the saber of her master.
Next, she sees Ren is chasing her in a snowy forest, in the future.
Anakin confirms what he just said and says he believes Palpatine is the one they have been looking for.
Finn climbs out of his wrecked speeder and rescues an injured Rose.
The scene originally occurred after the Tantive IV is boarded, just before Darth Vader's first appearance in the film.
But when Sedriss and his shocktroopers attack, the Ysanna warriors help the Jedi defeat the Imperial darksiders.
The only way to bring down the Sith’s most dangerous warrior may be to join forces with the dark side.
With that, Anakin Skywalker, the redeemed Jedi Knight, smiles at his son and dies peacefully.
Mace Windu suggests a bold response: all twelve Jedi Masters will embark on a goodwill mission to help the planet, and remind the people of the galaxy that the Jedi remain as stalwart and present as they have been across the ages.
Shortly after the two shatter a large glass window, Windu delivers a kick to Sidious, leading to Sidious falling down and losing his lightsaber.
On the isolated asteroid Polis Massa, Yoda meditates and hears the spirit voice of Qui-Gon Jinn.
Determined, Quell works with New Republic Intelligence's contentious Caern Adan and the legendary General Hera Syndulla to prepare the riskiest gambit of her starfighting career—a trap for Shadow Wing that could finish the chase once and for all.
In order to follow her faith, Marda may have to choose to become her new friend's worst enemy….
At the throne room, Rey draws Leia's lightsaber and fights the Sovereign Protectors while Sidious retreats in the Ommin harness.
Qui-Gon also informs the Council about Anakin, hoping that he can be trained as a Jedi.
Henceforth, you shall be known as Darth… Vader.
Meanwhile, it seems that Han has run into some "old friends"!
Back on the Steadfast, Finn convinces Rose to go while he and Jannah prepare to take the command bridge down.
Skywalker says he has seen this raw strength before in Ben Solo and that he regrets not taking action back then.
Trying to increase their popularity again, Jabba the Hutt adds twisting dune pipes and reduces the race from three to two laps; also he puts Sebulba in charge of organizing the entire race.
This threat comes from the deadly galactic crime organization Black Sun.
The few remaining ships (those of Wedge Antilles, Luke, Han, and a Y-wing Pilot) return to Yavin 4 and a victory ceremony commences, where medals are presented to the heroes, Han Solo and Luke Skywalker, by Princess Leia, as the rebels give them a standing ovation.
Poe and Finn begin to start up Ochi's ship, and opening the blinders to check on Rey.
Inside the main base, chaos reigns as General Hux has already fled, and the other officers rush to abandon the installation as well.
GA-97 alerts the Resistance that the BB unit has been located, while Bazine Netal informs the First Order of the same.
Skywalker warns her that it is not going to end the way that she thinks.
Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi infiltrates the royal family's castle searching for the truth - which leads him from an unexpected encounter to a deadly one!
After a brief skirmish, she took a direct blow to the head from a club but maneuvered the situation so that she fell onto another Thranta and kicked the rider off.
Leia follows Luke out of the tribal gathering, whereupon he tells her that Vader is his father and she is his sister.
Chewbacca injures Ren with his bowcaster, but Ren chases them out of the base and catches up to Finn and Rey in the forest.
Seeing the tree burning, Skywalker believes that it is time for the Jedi to end.
A threat hides in the darkness, far from the light of the age, and harbors a secret that could strike fear into even a Jedi's heart.
The disturbance in the Force is undeniable . . . and Luke's worst fears are confirmed when his old friend, Lando Calrissian, comes to him with reports of a new Sith menace.
C-3PO reassures him that he is not such a bad person compared to others out there.
After finding the target, Jango finds out that the target is a clone trooper who had left the Grand Army of the Republic.
When Rey asks why the Emperor would want to kill a child, Ren reveals that she is Sidious' granddaughter; her father was the son of the Emperor.
Amidst thunderous applause, he informs the Senate that the surviving Jedi will be hunted down and defeated.
The answer will lead Vernestra to a new understanding of her abilities, and take Syl back to the past...and to truths that will finally come out of the shadows.
The Galactic Republic is in the midst of the epic war with the Confederacy of Independent Systems under the leadership of Count Dooku, who is also the Sith Lord, Darth Tyranus.
J-Squadron would be flying away from a First Order ship, not toward one.
Fierce rivals for the emperor's favor, and outspoken adversaries on Imperial affairs—including the Death Star project—the formidable pair seem unlikely partners for such a crucial mission.
The destruction of the Hosnian system is visible from the surface of Takodana.
Groomed by the ruthless politician and Sith Lord who would be Emperor, Governor Wilhuff Tarkin rises through the Imperial ranks, enforcing his authority ever more mercilessly…and zealously pursuing his destiny as the architect of absolute dominion.
Upon dropping out of Hyperspace, they find what seems to be an asteroid field in Alderaan's place.
The heroes of the Resistance make their way to the snow-dusted planet of Kijimi to execute their plan to discover what secrets the Dagger held.
Want to get BB-8 to the Resistance? Maz Kanata is our best bet.
Rogue Squadron pilot Wedge Antilles flies off to battle with a very furry, very angry, and very unwilling passenger! And Leia Organa Solo grows solemn with a story of her husband's lifelong friend.
I am the Senate!
Their pursuit takes them to Starkiller Base, a planet that has been turned into a headquarters for the First Order—and a weapon capable of destroying entire star systems.
However, Anakin reveals that Palpatine is a Sith Lord and is not likely to give up his powers, a statement which shocks Windu and stops him dead in his tracks.
Later, Princess Leia Organa (in the guise of bounty hunter Boushh) arrives with Chewbacca as her "prisoner" to collect part of the bounty Jabba sought years earlier when he put a price on Solo's head.
He tells her the Jedi have tried to take over the Republic, and there are traitors in the Senate.
But Ventress is determined to have her retribution and at last let go of her dark Sith past.
Not only this, but having such power and knowledge of the dark side, Plagueis could use thistle ability to save people he cared about from death, a statement which gets Anakin's attention (which was Palpatine's desire) and Palpatine describes the dark side of the Force as a pathway to many abilities considered by some to be unnatural.
The diminutive figure then declares the boy lacks patience, but the voice of Kenobi tells the figure that the boy will learn patience if he is to be trained.
Cal Kestis has built a new life for himself with the crew of the Stinger Mantis.
As Obi-Wan investigates with the help of a heroic Neimoidian guard, he finds himself working against the Separatists who hope to draw the planet into their conspiracy—and senses the sinister hand of Asajj Ventress in the mists that cloak the planet.
Rey and BB-8 then watch the twin suns of Tatooine rise.
The villainous Nihil control an area of space known as the Occlusion Zone, where no one is safe, least of all Jedi.
Later, on Coruscant, Anakin awakens in a panic, covered in sweat.
Unfortunately for Plagueis, he taught his apprentice, who happened to be Darth Sidious, all he knew: after he had, his apprentice killed him in his sleep.
Ben, however, awoke to see Luke standing over him with an ignited lightsaber and immediately counterattacked, destroying Luke's new Jedi Temple and disappearing to become Kylo Ren.
A threat against Princess Leia and Han Solo's family disrupts usual business on Coruscant—and Luke Skywalker's Jedi training on Yavin 4!
The two bid each other farewell and Obi-Wan leaves for Utapau.
Jedi Master Mace Windu's feelings about Qui-Gon have always been complicated, and have not been made any simpler in death.
Hoping to spare her comrades, Sinn tells Jax that Kanos has gone to the spaceport in Chinesti.
But the Emperor knows it's not the first time Vader and Thrawn have joined forces.
When Anakin expresses his interest in going at Palpatine's request, Mace Windu harshly tells him that the Council will decide who goes and not the Chancellor.
Leia has sent her most daring pilot on a secret mission to Jakku, where an old ally has discovered a clue to Luke's whereabouts....
Meanwhile on Ahch-To, Rey and Kylo Ren begin communicating with each other through involuntary shared visions.
Leia is spared from execution since she is Jabba's favorite slave.
On the Executor, Vader communicates with the captains of the other ships (the captain of the demolished star destroyer throws his arms up in horror, and the transmission fades).
Commander Wilhuff Tarkin has at his disposal the forces of the mighty Trade Federation with which to extract the secret.
One other knows the Council's secrets—and Jax's ambitions.
Connor Freeman—a clone relation to Fett—has been drawn into the whodunit.
Before the Rebellion, the Empire reigns, in book one of a trilogy told through the eyes of Mon Mothma, Bail Organa, and Saw Gerrera.
Kanos decided he needed to lay low once he realized that Jax was hunting him just as eagerly, first on Zaddja and then on Phaeda.
During liftoff, the traitor shoots Rekkon and destroys the data that Blue Max gathered.
Questioning Ren's loyalty, he warns the Supreme Leader not to make him turn his fleet against him.
Poe says that there were heroes on a mission but Leia replies, "Dead heroes, no leaders", and walks away.
Back in the Sith Citadel, Sidious calls on Rey to give into her hatred and kill him, though Rey refuses to show her hatred for the Sith Lord.
However, Chewbacca arrives with the Millennium Falcon to rescue them.
When Poe asks why Finn is keeping secrets, Finn replies that he will tell them when Poe discloses his "shady" things.
After battling through squads of battle droids, Jinn and Kenobi make their way to the command deck where Gunray is located, shielding himself behind blast doors.
The Supreme Leader then orders his officers to prepare to crush any worlds that defy them and informs them that he and his Knights will be hunting for the scavenger, Rey.
Ben declares that should Luke decide to face Vader, he will have to face him alone without interference.
Yoda believes that a Master with more experience is needed to confront, and defeat, Grievous. Ki-Adi-Mundi agrees and nominates Obi-Wan to go.
Pryde orders that Chewbacca be brought to Interrogation Six.
The Millennium Falcon and its strike force (in the last Rebel fighter inside) reach the Death Star's main reactor and fire concussion missiles and proton torpedoes at it, causing it to collapse.
The two could not be more different: Vernestra, a Jedi Master who has known conflict and loss during her decades in the Order, and Indara, a young Knight just coming into her own as a Jedi in a galaxy at peace.
Obi-Wan, like his slain Master, Qui-Gon, believes Anakin may be the chosen one, the Jedi destined to bring balance to the Force.
Poe asks if Babu can make C-3PO translate the Sith inscriptions.
After being tortured, the rebels are informed by Lando that Leia, Chewbacca, and C-3PO would be confined to Cloud City and Han would be given to Boba Fett.
After BB-8 displays a projection of the map, Han explains that after Luke disappeared, there were many parties that went searching for him.
A war for the planet Calamari erupts over that planet's surface, already threatened by the massive World Destroyers.
Sidious then blasts Yoda with Force Lightning, causing the Jedi master to lose his lightsaber.
Meanwhile, Amidala and her force fight their way back into the royal palace and capture Nute Gunray.
Accompanied by his merciless disciple, Darth Vader, he sets out on a rare personal mission to ensure his will is done.
A young boy—the heir to the title of Count Dooku—is kidnapped, and it's Jahan Cross to the rescue!
Chancellor Palpatine requests Anakin's presence, and they meet in the Chancellor's office.
All Vader can do is scream in pain and powerless rage, cursing his former friend and Master.
One of the most cunning and merciless officers of the First Order, Captain Phasma commands the favor of her superiors, the respect of her peers, and the terror of her enemies.
R2-D2 restores C-3PO's memories, and he recalls that he is going to embark on his first mission with Rey.
Anakin is horrified by his actions, yet he knows now there is no turning back now that he betrayed the Jedi.
If Luke couldn't reach him, how could I?
Sidious tells Ben that he will be the last Skywalker and uses the Force to throw him into a nearby chasm, seemingly killing him.
After a infiltration on the slaver's camp, and discovery of the death of Bomo Greenbark's wife, Mesa, the Jedi Dass Jennir sets off alone to discover the whereabouts of Resa.
Jerjerrod argues that they need more men, but quickly agrees to double their efforts when he learns that the Emperor is coming.
Against this enemy, the champions of light may finally be facing their extinction.
Luke Skywalker, on patrol astride his tauntaun, discovers the probe, which he mistakes for a meteorite.
The Sith Star Destroyers blast the Resistance fleet with ion cannons.
But what Biggs learns from his time with the Empire pushes him to become one of the earliest heroes of the Rebellion.
Even as the worlds of the former Republic are drawn into the iron grip of Palpatine's Empire, the galaxy seems adrift in a sea of chaos, lawlessness, and despair.
Jabba then informs Leia that she will soon learn to appreciate him and makes her drink from his goblet.
Rey encounters Kylo Ren at the woods, and fires at him with her blaster pistol, but Kylo restrains her using the Force.
The Rebel Alliance has won their first major victory by stealing plans to the Galactic Empire's secret weapon, the Death Star.
Watching the Raddus powering away, Connix thinks she is running away but Poe disagrees.
A number of survivors were also killed by Luke Skywalker and Rayf Ysanna.
Poe decides to seek out a black market droidsmith on the planet Kijimi, a place where he doesn't have fond memories.
But Obi-Wan encourages Anakin to be patient and that it won't be long before the Council makes Anakin a Jedi Master.
After briefly staring at the charred, mutilated figure that was once Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan turns and walks away, taking Anakin's dropped lightsaber with him.
The day of the race, Sebulba unsuccessfully tries to dissuade the pilot from competing in the race.
As Cross and the Count's loyal security guard attempt to whisk the boy to safety, they are surrounded by enemies!
For Kanos, the answer is to disguise himself as one of the hunters.
Anakin is delighted by this news, as Grievous's capture will accelerate the war's end.
Organa protests via comlink and is contacted by Lord Tion, who offers to come in his personal landspeeder.
Sidious angrily attempts to kill Rey with Force lightning, but she deflects it back with Leia's lightsaber.
Before leaving, Zorii gives Poe a First Order Captain's Medallion as a gesture of goodwill to help him and his Resistance team get through the First Order blockade.
Sidious demands Ren to kill Rey.
Kylo charges at Luke but his uncle repeatedly evades Ren's attacks.
Maz Kanata tells R2-D2 that Leia knows what must be done, adding that it will take all her strength to reach her son.
Boba finds out that his father had opened inheritance fund for Connor, and he had received small payments from him.
Vader tumbles down the embankment and rolls to a stop at the edge of the river of lava.
At the same time, deadly lava blasts towards Vader and Obi-Wan, forcing them to take cover from raining debris.
Jabba, This is your last chance. Free us, or die.
While Poe and Zorii leave to keep a watch for First Order patrols, Frik begins performing the hack on C-3PO.
Finn tells Poe that people are rising up against the First Order all over the galaxy and the two say they did it.
She sees Luke placing his metallic hand on top of R2-D2 near a fire, (presumed to be Luke's burning Jedi temple).
As the wrecked Sith fleet crashes on the surface of Exegol, Finn and Poe spot Red Five.
For thousands of years The Chiss Ascendancy has been an island of calm, a center of power, and a beacon of integrity.
And to bring down a band of elusive freedom fighters, the Emperor turns to his most formidable agents: Darth Vader, the fearsome new Sith enforcer as remorseless as he is mysterious; and Tarkin—whose tactical cunning and cold-blooded efficiency will pave the way for the Empire's supremacy…and its enemies' extinction.
Meanwhile, Kanos meets Markon again as well as Mirith Sinn, commander of the New Republic's presence on Phaeda, and her second-in-command, Sish Sadeet.
Luke speeds off into the desert to find his friends.
On Mon Calamari, Darth Maul kills Morn, another Vigo of Black Sun.
Seeing the destruction from above, Han senses Leia's love for Luke.
The Force is strong in Anakin…so strong that the Jedi Council, despite misgivings, entrusted the young Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi with the mission of training him to become a Jedi Knight.
The bounty hunter arrived at the scene just as the man died, revealing another Shi'ido.
Skywalker asks where Han Solo is.
In order to bring BB-8 to the Resistance, they needed to switch to a clean ship, which Han says he can obtain from an old friend.
Among them is Gella Nattai, who turns to the one person she believes can unravel the mystery but the last person she wants to trust: Axel Greylark.
Bomo Greenbark and the smuggler crew of the Uhumele are caught in the crossfire between two criminal gangs, both of whom want what the crew has.
Snoke uses the Force to levitate Rey and probes her mind for Skywalker's location.
Anakin and Padmé arrive on the planet but are quickly captured by Jango Fett and sentenced to death, joining Obi-Wan in the Geonosis arena, where they are to be executed.
Are you threatening me, Master Jedi?
With only one option left, the trio manages to escape in the Millennium Falcon.
With the nomination agreed on, the Council adjourns and Obi-Wan prepares to go to Utapau.
Each girl is selected for her particular talents, but it will be up to Padmé to unite them as a group.
The comic finishes as we see the kid hugging Han.
Windu declares Palpatine is under arrest and the Masters ignite their lightsabers.
Anakin is gifted with piloting and mechanical abilities, and has built an almost-complete droid named C-3PO.
Flynn Kybo, who is among the assembly, heads to Docking Bay Nine and steals a Delta-7 Aethersprite-class light interceptor, flying it to Bryndar.
When a Pathfinder team's communications droid is found drifting in space, damaged and bearing a cryptic message, Jedi Knight Silandra Sho and her Padawan, Rooper Nitani, are sent to find the missing team members.
Mitaka tells Ren that they also appear to have been helped by a local scavenger girl.
He and Leia have earned their future together, a thousand times over.
Daring pilots chart new routes through hyperspace, while Pathfinder teams make contact with frontier worlds to invite them to join the Republic.
There is unrest in the Galactic Senate.
When Rey refuses, Kylo compels Rey to admit what she thinks she knew all along: that her parents were insignificant junkers who sold her for drinking money, and that they are dead and buried in the wastes of Jakku.
After Palpatine tells him that the dark side can save Padme from death, Anakin realizes that Palpatine is in fact Darth Sidious, the latter of which Palpatine confirms (This revelation means that Palpatine as Sidious engineered the Invasion of Naboo and War, betrayed and caused the deaths of Plagueis and Dooku, and has been deceiving the Jedi and Republic).
Rey goes to Unkar Plutt to again exchange her salvage for foodstuff, and the Crolute offers to buy BB-8 for sixty food portions; while tempted, Rey declines the offer.
Han and Chewbacca also kill multiple stormtroopers, but are captured along with Finn by the First Order.
Having docked with the Death Star, Solo and the others ambush two stormtroopers and the Imperial scanning crew sent to investigate the Falcon by hiding in hidden smuggling compartments.
Darth Sidious tells Rey that he has been waiting for the return of his grandchild.
Outside of the Nihil's so-called Occlusion Zone, Elzar Mann, Bell Zettifar, and the other Jedi work alongside the Republic to reach the worlds that have been cut off from the rest of the galaxy.
In private, Poe pays his respects to the late General Organa and confides that he is not ready.
Rey vows to finish her former Master's work.
The epic tale of Kir Kanos, Imperial Royal Guardsman, and his one-man war against those who seek to taint the memory of Emperor Palpatine through corruption and greed, has become an instant classic.
In his journey he came across a friendly race of which he had never previously encountered, known as the Jokhalli.
As the Jedi hunter's ship hurries away from Pasaana, Rey mourns that she has apparently killed Chewbacca.
Sensing the call of the dark side, Rey travels to a cavern beneath the island where the dark side is powerful and experiences a vision while touching a reflective rock wall, asking to see her parents but seeing only her own reflection.
 Obi-Wan Kenobi and Captain Rex defeat the rest of the guards.
As part of the plans, Luke, Leia, Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, R2-D2, and a strike team must penetrate the deflector shield generator on the forest moon of Endor in order to deactivate the shield if the Rebel fleet is to attack the Death Star.
Luke Skywalker is ordered by Rebel Command to abandon a reconnaissance mission.
They both knew that only one of them could survive so that the other might live to eventually kill Jax.
Written by Tom Veitch, with painted art by Cam Kennedy and painted cover by Dave Dorman. Don't miss out on the hottest series this side of Tatooine!
Anakin Skywalker, Jedi Knight, is just a memory.
You already have, Luke. You were right. You were right about me. Tell your sister you were right.
Ren replies that he knows where Rey is going and vows that she will never be a Jedi.
On May 25, 1977, the world was introduced to Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, C-3PO, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Darth Vader, and a galaxy full of possibilities.
The Star Wars High Republic story comes to a conclusion, as the Jedi face off against the Nihil and Marchion Ro.
Rey returns to Finn, despairing that Finn is not waking up and that they are trapped on the rupturing planet.
Yoda is disappointed, declaring Luke is reckless.
Payment for the mission promises to be astronomical, but the obstacles facing Bazine will prove to be formidable.
Jannah asks Lando where he is from and he tells her that he is from the Gold system.
He manages to track down the man, but if he is to learn the reasons behind Jango's posthumous generosity, Boba Fett must first save the man from an army of bounty hunters who want the guy's head!
General Dodonna plans the attack on the Death Star, as the plans reveal a weakness in the Death Stars design in the form of a thermal exhaust port leading to the station's reactor.
The group soon reunite and make their way back to the Falcon.
Meanwhile, amidst the ruins of Ossus, Luke and Kam find a young man and woman tied to an ancient tree.
The only catch – pursuing it will bring them into the path of one of the Empire's most dangerous servants, the Inquisitor known as the Fifth Brother.
As Mon Mothma says, "It is now clear that the future of the New Republic depends on the revival of the Jedi knights".
Windu says their worst fears have now been realized and that if the Jedi Order is to survive, they must move quickly.
But first Obi-Wan must help his undisciplined, idealistic apprentice, who still bears the scars of slavery, find his own balance.
Mirith Sinn and the New Republic forces on Phaeda are preparing to move to Collo Fauale following the Imperial attack by Colonel Xexus Shev.
Unknown to her, Obi-Wan secretly stows away aboard the ship just before it takes off.
Everybody remembers the scene in A New Hope where Biggs Darklighter heroically sacrifices himself during the attack on the Death Star.
Kadir objects, as the men were assigned to his Coruscant City Guard.
Finn, however, insists on leaving, and that there is no way to defeat the First Order.
After Yoda arrives on Kashyyyk, Anakin relays the information about Grievous, explaining that a partial message was intercepted in a diplomatic packet from the Chairman of Utapau.
With the re-emergence of his father and Snoke's orders to kill him, Kylo feels an internal struggle within himself.
When Lieutenant Connix reminds her that they only have six hours of fuel left, she orders the emergency bridge crew to remain on their current cause.
Sidious speaks, explaining to the Supreme Leader that he has died before, and that the dark side is a pathway to many abilities that some consider "unnatural," echoing his words to Ren's grandfather decades earlier from Revenge of the Sith.
There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and become a Jedi like my father.
Later that evening, in a temple in Theed, Qui-Gon's body is cremated, and Mace Windu and Yoda agree that the Sith are definitely to blame for the tragedy.
But above the remote planet Akiva, an ominous show of the enemy's strength is unfolding.
In response, Poe instigates a mutiny, apprehending Holdo and her command staff.
The Empire is about to finish building the greatest weapon the galaxy has ever seen—the Death Star.
Hoping to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the greedy Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the small planet of Naboo.
She embraces the salvation of Order 66.
The Rebels and Imperials have both located the abandoned Dreadnaughts, and each is looking to outgun the other, take the fleet, and direct the galaxy to their way of thinking.
Darth Vader, newly anointed Sith Lord, is ascendant.
Yoda reminds him that "size matters not" and gives him wisdom about the Force.
Arriving in the ancient spaceport, Leia and Han are stalked by bounty hunters, Gank killers, and warriors from the Emperor's new Darkside Elite.
However, Rey responds that she will go with or without the General's blessing, knowing that her newest mentor would do the same.
Otherwise, he will inter Nak on the next prison barge that docks with Hosk Station.
Leia and Han are married and have shouldered heavy burdens in the government of the New Republic.
Following her experiences with the Jedi and the devastation of Order 66, Ahsoka is unsure she can be part of a larger whole ever again.
The Je'daii go on the offensive against the invading Rakatan Empire!
Spanning the entire Star Wars saga, this exciting audio story introduces Padawans to the feats, talents, and triumphs of everyone's favorite princess.
When prompted, she tells Luke that she sense the Force inside.
Obi-Wan Kenobi has not been apprenticed long to Qui-Gon Jinn, and he is chafing at Qui-Gon's training style: all meditation, no action.
To protect her children, her body appears to still be pregnant.
Together, Ventress and Vos are the best hope for eliminating Dooku—as long as the emerging feelings between them don't compromise their mission.
However, with quick ingenuity, R2 manages to re-activate the Falcon's hyperdrive system just in time for the ship to flee to hyperspace.
And while they're busy tracking Solo, he's trying to track down an old Jedi woman, perhaps the last hope of the New Republic.
Now a respected senator, Leia must grapple with the dangers that threaten to cripple that fledging democracy—from both within and without.
Inside, Poe fires volley after volley of torpedoes, destroying the Starkiller's thermal oscillator thirty seconds before it finishes draining the sun to completely charge its primary weapon.
Meanwhile, aboard the Star Destroyer Emperor's Revenge, Carnor Jax discusses with General Wessel how imperative it is to find Kir Kanos.
Vader demands to meet the best among them, and Burr Danid is called forward.
Meanwhile, Amidala is conversing with Senator Sheev Palpatine regarding the recent attempt at negotiations and how Gunray claimed that they did not receive any ambassadors.
In response, Allegiant General Pryde orders his subordinates, including Admiral Griss, to reset the navigation signal.
The next day, while cleaning parasitic creatures called Mynocks off the Falcon, Solo and his companions are forced to escape what turns out not to be a cavern, but the inside of a titanic space slug (which resided in the asteroid the Falcon landed on).
Back on Kef Bir, Ren converses with a memory of his late father Han Solo, who tells him that Kylo Ren is dead, though his son - Ben Solo - is alive.
Finn, fearing for Rey's safety if she eventually returns to the fleet, decides to go looking for her and heads for the escape pod bay.
They both suspect it could be one of Vader's children.
On a mission to Vandos to rescue Ambassador Quiyyen, Flynn Kybo and his Jedi Master T'chooka D'oon are confronted by General Grievous and a battalion of B2 super battle droids.
Princess Leia, Luke Skywalker, and Han Solo take their final stand against Darth Vader and his evil forces.
Meanwhile, in another part of the galaxy, Lando Calrissian and a team of Rebel commandos take the fight to the enemy camp.
R2-D2 suddenly awakens and reveals that he holds the map to Luke's location, with the only piece of the map missing being the one BB-8 was given by Poe.
The New Republic technicians who inspected the ship reported some radiations but didn't realize the threat.
But, the galaxy is changing, and along with it, the Jedi Order.
They've in fact crash-landed on the ice planet Hoth, where they're rescued by a mysterious benefactor who has decidedly different plans for the pair than her father: he wants to off Luke and dismantle the loyal droid for scrap!
After viewing Princess Leia's full recording, Obi-Wan attempts to persuade Luke to accompany him to Alderaan.
Markon tells the visitor that the only combatants he had seen of such skill were either Jedi or Palpatine's Royal Guards.
Following the frightening threat of the Night Beast, Luke and inadvertent stowaway Threepio travel to the desert world of Aridus – ostensibly to ensure the continuation of the Rebel Alliance's weapons-smuggling operation there.
Amidala, back on Naboo, attempts to locate the Gungans at Otoh Gunga, but Jar-Jar, after searching the city, informs them that it has been abandoned.
But on the forest moon of Endor, amongst the chaos of a changing galaxy, time stands still for a princess and her scoundrel.
Upon finding the location of the Resistance base, the Starkiller begins draining the power of the sun to destroy D'Qar.
Trust in the Force.
The Emperor is disintegrated by his own Force lightning, which triggers a massive wave of energy that destroys the throne of the Sith and the auditorium, crushing and killing all of his followers.
A collection of myths and tall-tales about the legendary Jedi Luke Skywalker.
After insisting that he will turn her to the dark side, Ren reaches out and grabs her necklace, pulling it through the Force into his own hands.
Poe and Rey split up to lose their pursuers.
Anakin insists he should be on Utapau as well.
But are the stories of iconic and mysterious Luke Skywalker true, or merely tall tales passed from one corner of the galaxy to another?
Rey vows to destroy Darth Sidious for killing her father and mother.
But Luke is more interested in checking out rumors of a mysterious stranger who's appeared on Aridus claiming to be... Ben Kenobi!
Maul prepares to attack the fortress and reports to Darth Sidious via hologram.
However, at the last moment, the ship veers off and secretly attaches itself to the rear of the cruiser's command tower, which is not extensively covered by sensors, making it appear to have vanished from the Destroyer's point of view.
But she died an untimely death, and Poe was left alone with his father, Kes Dameron, who struggles with grief and a desire to keep his son safe.
While trying to fix the hyperdrive system, Han enters an asteroid field to hamper pursuit.
However, her ship is intercepted by the Imperial I-class Star Destroyer Devastator over the desert planet of Tatooine.
Anakin finishes off the second MagnaGuard and destroys the battle droids attempting to drag Palpatine from the bridge.
Meanwhile, the Jedi Holocron delivers a thousand-year-old prophecy to Leia, which tells of her battle against the young Emperor!
They engage in an intense battle using their lightsabers and Force abilities.
Even as Imperial forces fight to regain lost ground, Princess Leia and the New Republic seek to broker a lasting peace.
The rogues, smugglers, and adventurers who eke out a living on the largest settlement on the planet, Black Spire Outpost, are here to avoid prying eyes and unnecessary complications.
If you only knew the power of the dark side. Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father.
Poe remains behind to cover BB-8's escape.
Ren, unshaken, proceeds further into the citadel, walking for some time among the towering effigies.
Finn attempts to reassure her that it is not her fault, stating that he knows the good person he believes her to be.
When a distress call comes in from a nearby planet, Jedi Master Adi-Li Carro agrees to take the stowaways to investigate.
Finn tells Poe that he and Leia know what Rey is fighting against. Finn and Jannah prepare to leave on a second skimmer to find Rey.
One of the Jedi stuck behind enemy lines is Padawan Ram Jomaram, doing his best to help the people of his home planet, Valo, survive Nihil occupation while keeping his Jedi identity hidden.
Why has Mirith Sinn abandoned the New Republic to fulfill a personal vendetta?
During this time, Chewie activates the thermal detonators in the base, allowing Poe to lead a squadron of X-wings into the trenches of Starkiller Base.
"It appears things are as you suspected, Lord Vader".
If the worlds at the Empire's mercy stand any chance, it lies with an unlikely band of allies: Jyn Erso, a resourceful young woman seeking vengeance; Cassian Andor, a war-weary rebel commander; Bodhi Rook, a defector from the Empire's military; Chirrut Îmwe, a blind holy man and his crack-shot companion, Baze Malbus; and K-2SO, a deadly Imperial droid turned against its former masters.
Kanos removes Jax's helmet and leaves him for dead.
The First Order, tipped off to BB-8's presence, arrives and attacks Maz Kanata's castle.
As the massive warship plunges to destruction, the ''Falcon'' jumps safely to hyperspace.
By this point, Kylo has taken too many wounds to continue standing, but he still struggles in vain to rise again.
To keep Luke from freezing to death, Han uses Luke's lightsaber to cut open the dead tauntaun and places Luke in it.
Together, he and Rey face the Emperor, who taunts them that they will die together for daring to stand against him.
When we first meet Anakin, he is a young slave boy on the desert planet Tatooine.
While climbing the rock where Ochi's ship rests, Rey senses that Kylo Ren has arrived through the Force, but sends her friends ahead to the ship before running back into the desert to confront her nemesis.
Following the death of their leader, the Partisans have carried on his extremist legacy, determined to thwart the Empire—no matter what the cost.
But Cross is not entirely without allies, because he knows these two smugglers with a very fast ship . . .
Luke removes the mask and sees the face of his father for the first time.
She tries to return his lightsaber to him but he lets her keep it.
One man, Carnor Jax, holds sway over the Council.
Though Han Solo has thrilled Star Wars fans for decades, the notorious wisecracking scoundrel was chasing adventure and dodging trouble long before he walked into the cantina at Mos Eisley spaceport.
Moved by his son's cries for help and unwilling to see him die, Vader turns back to the light side as Anakin and lifts the Emperor into the air, carries him over and throws him into the Death Star's reactor shaft, killing him.
Enraged, Grievous repeatedly hits Obi-Wan and then picks up the helpless Jedi and throws him over the edge.
Rey pilots the starship to a particular island with a large, ancient stone village on it.
Back aboard Ochi's ship, Poe tells Finn and Rey they have eight hours left and asks what they should do.
However, he is interrupted by the Force spirit of Yoda. As Luke hesitates at the task, Yoda himself summons a thunderbolt to destroy the library.
Despite their differences, See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo know that the best way to survive is to stick together.
The trio are forced to battle a reek, a nexu, and an acklay while in chains.
Rey flies it through the Graveyard of Giants, while Finn fires on and destroys the pursuing TIE fighters.
Anakin disagrees, remarking that the Sith depend on passion for strength, thinking only of themselves, whereas the Jedi are selfless, thinking only of others.
The ruthless warlord Grand Admiral Thrawn may have found just the firepower needed to take a bite out of the New Republic: Some two hundred Dreadnaught heavy cruisers, lost to hyperspace in the days of the Old Republic. Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewbacca may be up against more than they bargained for, but it's not the first time the odds have been stacked against them!
The Emperor's Darksiders are hot on Luke's tail, and he must battle for his life before he can battle for the galaxy!
Poe and the mutineers including Lieutenant Connix take over the ship's emergency command bridge and try to restart the Raddus.
Luke soon runs into a woman appearing to be Tanith Shire under attack from a carnivorous plant, and uses the Force to get out of a tight jam.
After stormtrooper FN-2187 is deployed, FN-2003 is hit with blaster fire by Poe.
In this pivotal prequel to Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, the heroes of the Resistance—Poe Dameron, General Leia Organa, Rey, and Finn—must fight back from the edge of oblivion.
A stormtrooper remembers a young woman on the planet Lurr, and he remembers how she died at his hands.
With the completion of the Death Star, the Empire now has a weapon capable of vaporizing entire planets.
Seeking to destroy the Resistance, Hux orders Captain Moden Canady to destroy the Resistance fleet and base with his Mandator IV-class Siege Dreadnought Fulminatrix.
The Falcon exits hyperspace above the desert planet of Pasaana.
Ben rises to his feet but the Dark Lord levitates him in mid-air.
Luke loses concentration again and has a vision of his friends in danger.
Kanata explains to her the lightsaber's history and that it was calling to her.
Moments later, Imperial forces loyal to Jax attacked them.
Where the action of Star Wars: The Force Awakens ended, Star Wars: The Last Jedi begins, as the battle between light and dark climbs to astonishing new heights.
Luke tries to ambush the group of Imperials, but is unsuccessful.
After narrowly escaping Captain Korda's evil clutches on Thune, Milo and Lina track the source of a rebel transmission to a remote jungle planet.
But her desire to fight the evils of the Empire and protect those who need it will lead her right to Bail Organa, and the Rebel Alliance....
Kolar is the first to die, run through the chest and as Kolar's life is ending due to the wound, Sidious turns and slices Tiin's torso.
The Star Wars saga begins! Join Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Queen Amidala, and Yoda for one action-packed adventure after the next!
As Luke leads the Rebel fleet on its escape to its new base on Hoth, the Rebels' new allies, the Mon Calamari, plan a diversion to help them escape an Imperial blockade.
Apparently, the current Guildmaster Orrk has allied himself with the Galactic Empire and was abashed when he found out that the royalty whom Han escorts is coming back.
Together they complete the map and reveal the location of Ahch-To, the planet on which Luke Skywalker sought out the first Jedi Temple.
Sing discovered, was to return to Endor, which represented an additional type of matter: land.
Han, Leia, and Chewbacca escape from the bunker just in time for its destruction, thus bringing down the shield.
He pokes his blade through Luke's torso, and to his horror it passes through him as if he were a ghost, revealing that Luke is physically still on Ahch-To and has been stalling for time via a non-corporeal Force projection of himself.
However, the ship has been damaged during the course of its escape from the First Order.
The Falcon's hyperdrive needs repairs, so Han decides to make their way to Cloud City, a gas-mining colony run by his "old friend" Lando Calrissian.
The Wookiee takes some time considering his next move, and his human opponents jokingly suggest that he may be cheating.
Devious bounty hunter the shade is delivering the Graf children to Captain Korda when her ship is attacked by a mysterious species.
Jannah throws explosives inside the manhole, causing an explosion that takes out the navigation signal temporarily.
With two of his adepts, Palpatine has journeyed to Korriban, a world of the ancient Sith, seeking healing for flesh ravaged by the energies of his dark power.
Vowing to bring the Rebel Alliance to its knees, Palpatine launches hyperspace projectiles against Rebel troopships . . . and against the Rebel Command Base on the ancient Nespis VIII space city.
A boy and a girl are born. In her last few dying breaths, Padmé gives them the names "Luke" and "Leia".
They demand that Han hand over the droid and any stowaways he might have on board.
Kenobi hopes to instead warn any surviving Jedi to stay away from the Temple.
While settling to his meal, he is confronted by the porg's kin.
They war droids are no match for the Emperor's dark-side monsters, and soon the Rebels are pinned down amidst the ruins of their attack.
BB-8 notices Finn, wearing his master Dameron's jacket, prompting Rey to chase after him.
Bounty hunters aren't exactly known for their enduring, close friendships but even a man like Boba Fett has family... and now a Blood Tie demands blood.
Despite Palpatine's persuasions that he should leave the unconscious Obi-Wan, Anakin carries him on his back, and maneuvers through the ship with the Chancellor. Obi-Wan later regains consciousness.
Anakin warns Windu that Palpatine is very powerful and they'll need his help to arrest Palpatine, but Windu urges him to stay out of it as he senses much fear in Anakin and it could cloud his judgment.
Han uses the moment and shoots the stormtrooper holding Nien.
Elsewhere in the sail barge, C-3PO literally runs into R2-D2 and knocks over the shorter droid's drink tray.
Their mythic status in the Chaos was earned through conflict and terrible deeds, some long buried.
Lightning dances around the young dark side adept as he listens to the taunting words, spoken in a voice transitioning from that of the Emperor to that of Snoke and, finally, to that of Vader: "I have been every voice... you have ever heard... inside your head."
Tangled up in familial politics is the last place Syl wants to be, but the promise of a big payoff is enough to keep her interested.
His burgeoning friendship—and perhaps more—with one young Spice Runner, Zorii, is even more incentive for Poe to stick around.
Organa protests that Lord Tion has oversight over the matter.
Holdo orders him to stick to his post and follow her orders.
But this knowledge may prove more than just dangerous once Cardinal possesses it—and once his adversary unleashes the full measure of her fury.
Senator Bail Organa arrives at the flaming Temple to witness the slaughter of a young Padawan named Zett Jukassa by a squad of troopers led by Commander Appo.
Unconvinced, Quinn questions the fleet being a gift and what Sidious might demand in return.
After escaping from the trash compactor, the group hurries back to the Millennium Falcon, hoping that Obi-Wan has successfully shut down the tractor beam.
They'll have to journey across the stars—and into the past—before Gor uses the device's power to reshape the galaxy.
Realizing that the two are a dyad in the Force, the Sith Lord decides to rejuvenate himself by draining their life essences and become the one true Emperor.
Although the guards were nearly unparalleled in combat skill, the sheer number of stormtroopers overwhelmed them and all but two were killed, leaving only Kir Kanos and Kile Hannad.
They are confronted by Count Dooku himself, with Obi-Wan telling Anakin that they will fight Dooku together, and an intense lightsaber duel ensues.
Greck wants to use in ships he is selling to politically prominent buyers.
Ultimately, Rey is able to overpower Ren and deal him a severe wound to his face while severing his lightsaber in two.
Things grow ever more desperate for General Leia Organa, pilot Poe Dameron, and former stormtrooper Finn as they desperately try to evade the First Order fleet.
Pursued by TIE fighters, Finn, Rose, and BB-8 crash-land their stolen shuttle inside the base.
GENERAL LEIA ORGANA dispatches secret agents to gather intelligence, while REY, the last hope of the Jedi, trains for battle against the diabolical FIRST ORDER.
With a swift sweep of his blade, Obi-Wan slices off Vader's left arm and legs.
As Rey gazes at some Aki Aki youngsters, a child approaches her.
A missed slash from Vader's lightsaber damages a computer console, deactivating the facility's shields.
With Padmé's final breath, she maintains that there is still good in Anakin.
A third guard divides his Vibro-arbir blade in half and charges at Rey.
In a test of wits, Han Solo tricks the Commander of the Star Destroyer into impaling his ship on a city pylon.
His father's organic body becomes one with the Force.
Shortly afterward, Admiral Piett informs Vader that Emperor Sheev Palpatine commands he make contact immediately.
Later, Rey has Chewbacca break down Skywalker's door.
However, Finn and Rose are cornered by Phasma and several stormtroopers.
Meanwhile, the Sith Lord learns from Ren that the Jedi apprentice still lives.
However, after flying the Millennium Falcon to the planet Lur for the pickup, they discover that the cargo they're meant to be shipping is a load of slaves—something neither Han nor Chewbacca has any tolerance for.
Back on the Star Destroyer, Vader enlists the bounty hunters, Boba Fett, Dengar, IG-88, Bossk, 4-LOM, and Zuckuss to find the Millennium Falcon for a "substantial reward".
At this point, Nak's grandfather, the Baron Pitareeze, arrives and scolds his mischievous descendant over his repeated teasing of his guardians.
Although dead, the Emperor's presence still haunts him, and Luke still feels the taint of the dark side from his time as the Emperor's thrall.
Due to the damage to the ship's hyperdrive sustained in the attack, the Jedi decide to land on the nearby planet Tatooine for repairs.
The next day, Greck is orbiting Kalarba in a space station called Hosk Station, welcoming Torba, a Councilman of the Galactic Empire's Commerce Commission.
Skywalker recognizes Chewbacca and Rey tells them that they came on the Falcon.
Visitors from all over the galaxy are traveling to the planet Valo for a massive, awe-inspiring festival celebrating the Republic.
The Sith fleet deploys swarms of Sith TIE fighters.
Tekka responds that he knows who Ren used to be, and chides Ren that he cannot escape his real identity. Growing impatient, Ren kills Tekka by striking him down with his lightsaber.
Since Ren's mother Leia is the daughter of Darth Vader, he also reveals that they are a dyad in the Force, two that are one in the Force.
A Jedi must be a fearless warrior, a guardian of justice, and a scholar in the ways of the Force.
While Chewbacca is on leave to Kashyyyk, and Leia is meeting with some of the major players in the Alliance of Free Planets, Han is forced to go on a mission to a former Imperial prison planet, with Nien Nunb as his co-pilot on the Millennium Falcon.
They form one massive Star Wars image with the Death Star at the center.
Blamed for the death of a member of the royal family of Valahari, Anakin Skywalker is exiled to a remote outpost on Ryloth.
Luke has returned to complete his Jedi training, but Yoda declares no further training is required.
Deep in Empire-dominated space, a machine of unimaginable destructive power is nearing completion.
Thinking he is dead, Jango departs Kamino with his son Boba.
But before he can find the perfect ship he'll have to survive a dangerous job in the criminal underworld! Read along as Han encounters Chewbacca the Wookiee, smuggler Lando Calrissian and other heroes and villains.
Krennic then offers Galen an extraordinary opportunity: to continue his scientific studies with every resource put utterly at his disposal.
Han tries but fails to convince both parties that he would fix things eventually, with the Guavian Death Gang negotiator, Bala-Tik, recognizing the BB-8 astromech droid from a First Order bounty placed on it.
During the meeting, First Order stormtroopers under the command of Kylo Ren and Captain Phasma attack the village.
With the last of his strength, Yoda redirects it back at him, but this causes an explosion that throws both himself and Sidious over the pod's edge.
He also knows that it was Nute Gunray who ordered the assassination of Amidala as revenge for the defeat of the Trade Federation at the Battle of Naboo.
In the high stands, Count Dooku, Nute Gunray, Rune Haako, Poggle the Lesser, Jango Fett, and Boba Fett watch the start of the planned execution.
Finn reassures her that is what they are doing.
It's up to Ram to face down the enemy at Crashpoint Tower and send a call for help to the Republic.
Vader, mad with power, claims that they no longer have to run away and he can overthrow Palpatine so that the two of them can rule the galaxy together.
But perhaps a Jedi's most essential duty is to pass on what they have learned.
Aboard the Lusankya, Mirith Sinn requests permission from General Antilles to follow Kanos to Yinchorr aboard her commandeered blastboat.
In this issue, Darth Vader plots new ways to trip up the Rebels, but a turncoat Admiral may thwart his plans.
She dies still believing in the man she loved, before his violent acts against the Jedi Order and the Separatist Council.
Jax orders the Steadfast to continue firing on Phaeda and prepares to depart for Yinchorr.
The evil lord Darth Vader, obsessed with finding young Skywalker, has dispatched thousands of remote probes into the far reaches of space....
Rey heads to Niima Outpost, and hauls the sack of salvage throughout the town.
Kanata then reveals that she herself is Force-sensitive; although she was never a Jedi, she can simply close her eyes and feel the light of the Force within herself, and recognizes that Rey can do this too.
Despite the elimination of the dreadnought, General Organa is displeased by the high casualties including the loss of all of the Resistance's bombers.
Jax demonstrates his newfound knowledge of the Force to throw a rock into his opponent's helmet, dazing him for a moment.
Junior Representative Jar Jar Binks assumes Amidala's duties in her absence, despite the Senator being mad at not being at the Senate when the fate of the Military Creation Act is decided.
Vader orders a message be sent to the Imperial Senate, informing them that the ship was destroyed, with everyone on board killed.
When Luke Skywalker has to make an emergency landing on a strange planet, he is destined to discover a faithful friend, a formidable foe, and untold secrets of the Force.
