Hux attempts to pin the blame for the loss of shuttle on the Knights of Ren.
However, Sinn and Sish Sadeet both come to acknowledge that Kir Kanos could not have been involved in the attack based on how well and how ferociously he fought the stormtroopers.
Turmoil has engulfed the Galactic Republic.
As Jabba furiously orders his thugs to intervene, C-3PO gets knocked over.
Despite having starfighter escorts led by Blue Leader Tallissan Lintra, several of the slow moving bombers are destroyed by TIE fighters.
Rose Tico is dubious that the Emperor has truly risen again; Beaumont Kin raises the possibility of secrets only the Sith knew, like dark science, and mentioned cloning to explain his return, later remarking that there were always whispers of Sidious' desire to cheat death.
She finds Skywalker milking a Thala-siren but he avoids her.
Ren responds that he had killed Snoke, but the voice replies that he "made" Snoke.
He ducks inside an empty shuttle to take his helmet off, breathing heavily, but Phasma notices him and tells him to submit his blaster for inspection, having earlier noticed that he did not fire a shot.
As they attempt to run the blockade, the queen's starship is damaged by Federation battleships, but an astromech droid named R2-D2 manages to repair it and they narrowly escape.
But Cross is not about to allow an innocent boy to be used as a disposable pawn—even if it serves the Empire's short-term goals.
With her helmet shattered, Phasma denounces him as "scum" but Finn retorts that he is "rebel scum."
Luke, aided by the voice of Kenobi and guided by the Force, accurately fires two proton torpedoes into the exhaust port and retreats.
And who can tell what goes on behind the blank eyes of the cybernetically enhanced Grand Moff Trachta?
he plot against the Emperor and Darth Vader proceeds, but as the conspirators worry about whether either of their targets suspect—and how much they might suspect—they also begin to wonder about each other.
Supreme Leader Kylo Ren leads a vicious assault against Alazmec colonists on a healing Mustafar, seeking a Sith wayfinder owned by Ren's grandfather, the Sith Lord Darth Vader.
Determined to let nothing stop the return of the Sith, Sidious unleashes Force lightning on the Resistance fleet and allied armada, destroying several ships, including the Tantive IV, and killing Resistance members like Lieutenant Commander Nunb.
With a spiteful glance at a glowering Hux, Pryde remarks that the range and power of the fleet will "correct the error of Starkiller Base."
Luke then dies, and his body vanishes as he becomes one with the Force.
Rey climbs into her escape pod which is jettisoned out the Falcon after exiting hyperspace.
As Vader leaves, Kadir and Trachta express their annoyance with the Sith.
Upon being met with suspicion, they are quick to subdue the officers and guards in the princess's cell block.
The Tantive IV has been transporting medical supplies and technical equipment to support weapons.
They fire on the Starkiller's hexagonal oscillator structure, but fail to destroy it as the First Order sends TIE fighters to stage a counterattack and throw the Resistance into chaos.
General Organa orders her forces to shut the shield door.
He reveals to Padmé that he has been dreaming about her dying in childbirth, and believing that he can't live without her, vows not to let this dream come true.
But Sidious won't stand for any opposition, and Darth Maul is sent to deal with Black Sun—as only a master of the dark side can!
Drawing Leia's lightsaber, Rey confronts Sidious, who halts his attack on the fleet.
Meanwhile, Princess Leia has been kidnapped by the gang of freelies, who want nothing to do with the Rebel Alliance, or the Empire, for that matter!
Moments later he is killed when the bridge explodes.
He shows them a hologram of a Sith wayfinder and explains that only two were ever created.
Meanwhile, the Trade Federation occupies Theed, the capital city of Naboo, and captures Queen Amidala along with the rest of the government.
The Jedi, their status destroyed and their order broken, must now become outlaws and lawbreakers in order to do what was once considered their duty.
Trachta hints that there might be a solution to the Sith problem, and tells Kadir that he'll be sent for. 
Thrawn has made two vital discoveries that could destroy the Rebel Alliance's New Republic.
But Je'daii Shae Koda dogs Xesh's steps, hoping to bring her lover back to the light side of the Force!
Padmé, realizing how much her husband has changed, backs away in horror and tearfully begs him to stop, insisting she still loves him.
To secure the salvation of the Ascendancy, is Thrawn willing to sacrifice everything?
Join Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, and Princess Leia for one action-packed story after the next!
A temporary ruling Council has formed behind the scenes to maintain order, but the Council itself is splintered—divided by the conflicting ambitions of its members.
Unfortunately, while Obi-Wan is powerful, he is no match for Dooku who taunts him that Master Yoda praises Obi-Wan greatly and that he is disappointed in Obi-Wan's lack of skill.
Since the Starkiller's shields have a fractional refresh rate, Han pilots through the shields at lightspeed, and the Falcon makes a rough landing at the edge of a cliff.
Rose calls DJ a "lying snake" and struggles against her captors.
An exciting book based on the game Star Wars: Hunters!
While Poe is waiting for Rey, Finn runs out of the ship only to find that the Knights of Ren and stormtroopers had captured Chewbacca and Ochi's dagger while the Wookiee was searching for Rey.
These shapeshifters made such convincing impostors that Sing would have to kill them all to be sure Kairn was truly dead.
Two decades ago, Jedi clans clashed in service to feuding lords.
But Axel's deep distrust of the Jedi sparks against Gella's faith in the Force.
Yoda says they should act quickly and decisively on this information.
Since they cannot wait till tomorrow, Poe convinces Jannah and her followers to help them repair the Falcon.
While delivering a cache of pre-Empire textbooks to an outlying system, Luke Skywalker encounters Imperial forces as they take an entire school hostage!
Under Tarkin's guidance, an ultimate weapon of unparalleled destruction moves ever closer to becoming a terrifying reality.
She immediately runs off with her quarterstaff to investigate.
Star Wars: Crimson Empire, the story of the last Imperial Guardsman, returns after over a decade of anticipation!
Posing as a merchant on Tatooine, Sabé has fewer resources than she thought and fewer options than she needs.
The shuttle stolen in the Restored Empire base was in fact containing the zinethium ready to detonate.
Vader stalks for a hidden Luke to let down his guard, while quietly sensing within his son's mind that Luke has a sister.
There, he discovers a diminutive and eccentric figure who fiddles around with Luke's gear.
Surely enough, they capture a cloaked figure and return to Jax. 
He, along with our other Rebel heroes, finally arrive at the new Rebel base on Hoth, ready for "A New Beginning".
Torba is uninterested in his stock as whole starships, but he knows that the ships are based on Pitareeze Inc. designs.
In this next chapter, they must battle giant space slugs, angry snow creatures, and Darth Vader.
Jar Jar Binks shows the two Jedi the way to an underwater Gungan settlement, Otoh Gunga.
By entering Anakin into a podrace, Qui-Gon orchestrates a gamble with Watto's chance cube in which "fate" (really Qui-Gon using his powers to cheat) decided that the boy (alone, since Qui-Gon was unable to include the youth's mother in the bargain) will be released from slavery while also acquiring the parts needed for their ship.
Greck and Xob move to Bay 18, where the Baron is waiting for them per their arrangement. 
On Kashyyyk, Yoda is overlooking the ongoing battle as Commander Gree receives the order.
After unmasking and dealing with the traitor, Han and the remaining members of Rekkon's group fly to Stars' End. 
Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken... about a great many things.
Vader is still battling Obi-Wan, who is on the defensive.
Finn helps Rey up the gangplank.
Soon after, the target died and reverted to his Shi'ido form. 
The Senate holds a special session where Palpatine tells them of the "plot of the Jedi to overthrow the Senate," but that it was foiled.
Instead of the contact, though, they cross paths with Fiolla, an assistant auditor-general with the Corporate Sector Authority.
Aboard the Tantive IV, a gunner informs Captain Raymus Antilles that the Imperials are retreating.
Before they can find the others, Kylo Ren returns in his shuttle.
Can Vernestra and Imri find their friend before disaster strikes?
Leia glares back at him and returns to watching, and Jabba chuckles.
But going undercover with Crash is more dangerous than anyone expected, even as Ram pulls in his friend Zeen to help with an elaborate ruse involving a galactic pop star.
Sitting in the Council Chambers, remembering Palpatine's promise of stopping death and the dreams of Padmé dying in childbirth, Anakin ruminates over his decision: in his mind, he hears Palpatine's voice saying that if the Jedi kill him, any chance of saving Padmé will be lost.
But Kanos ignored that his escape was part of Devian's plan.
When the Jedi Order finally falls, Iskat seizes the chance to forge a path of her own.
Rey lands Red Five on the dark surface of Exegol and walks into the Sith Citadel.
With his helmet reforged, the Supreme Leader convenes a meeting of the First Order's Supreme Council aboard his Resurgent-class Star Destroyer Steadfast, including General Armitage Hux and Allegiant General Enric Pryde.
Despite his acceptance of the Sith ways, Darth Vader is shocked to find the Empire—and himself—complicit in an evil he thought he had put behind him.
He then meets with Palpatine, who gives him a mission to hunt down a lightsaber-wielding criminal on the planet Dargulli. 
Under the guise of joining the competition, Dass Leffbruk and Sky Graf recruit Jedi padawan Rooper Nitani, only to reveal their real plan: find the mysterious and legendary Planet X.
After finishing with Meeto, Jennir heads back to the Uhumele, and travels to Esseles in the hope of finding Bomo's daughter.
Watto has the required parts in stock, but Qui-Gon is unable to purchase them, as Republic credits are worthless on Tatooine, nor can he use his powers to trick Watto, since Toydarians are resistant to mental manipulation.
Before they can complete their evacuation, a First Order fleet of Resurgent-class Star Destroyers under General Armitage Hux arrive.
He lands behind the surprised Maul and cuts him in half; Maul's upper and lower body fall into the shaft.
Han and the others manage to escape the planet aboard the Falcon.
Tarkin is told by an imperial officer that the Rebels do pose a danger, but Tarkin refuses to evacuate in their supposed moment of triumph.
Alone in the safehouse, Kanos recalls a particularly intense memory of his training on Yinchorr, when he and the other trainees were visited by Palpatine himself and Darth Vader. 
Reinvigorated, Rey accepts the Skywalker lightsaber and takes off running on another bout with her training course.
When Sidious calls her parents weak, Rey counters that they were strong and saved her from him.
Rey is trapped by the other guard but manages to break free by dropping her blade and then slashing him.
In exchange for help starting a new life, the Imperial deserter brings word of a powerful, potentially invaluable tool for their fight against the Empire.
Back on Ahch-To, Luke revisits the cliff-side outcrop where he first began training Rey and attempts to re-open his connection to the Force, succeeding when he makes mental contact with an unconscious Leia.
Skywalker refuses to help because he believes he stands little chance against the First Order and walks away.
In captivity, the Jedi have unearthed the supplier behind this newly revitalized slave trade - Count Dooku and the Separatists!
After fending off another attack from Vader, Obi-Wan disengages as the platform nears the shore of the lava river, leaping up onto the black sand bank.
The Millennium Falcon and the remainder of the Resistance fleet manage to escape Starkiller Base as it erupts into a ball of fire, eventually forming a small star.
Together with his BB-series astromech droid, BB-8, Poe Dameron confronts the Fulminatrix in his X-wing Black One.
On Corellia, Reath and Ram encounter a brazen young security specialist named Crash, whose friend was one of the victims of the Nihil attack, and they team up with her to infiltrate Corellia's elite while the Masters pursue more diplomatic avenues.
Yoda says they must destroy the Sith, but Obi-Wan is reluctant to kill Anakin and wants to go after the Emperor instead.
The newly formed unit embodies the heart and soul of the Rebellion: ragtag, resourceful, scrappy, and emboldened by their most audacious victory in decades.
Obi-Wan himself is unhappy with the situation.
Poe and a damaged BB-8 survive the explosion. Meanwhile, General Organa and Admiral Ackbar order the remaining Resistance ships to move out of range of the Star Destroyers.
Luke apologizes to Ren for failing him, but Ren angrily rejects his apology, declaring the Resistance is dead and the war over, and that with Luke's death shall come the ultimate death of the Jedi.
The next morning, Rebel Pilots flying the snowspeeders set out from Echo Base to search for the missing men.
Pursued by the police, they head to the fathier stables, where Rose convinces the stable children to help them escape, leaving one of them, Temiri Blagg, a Resistance ring.
Despite Iskat's dedication, peace and control have remained elusive, and with each setback, she feels her fellow Jedi grow more distrustful of her.
But ways that may become necessary in light of the fact that Grand Admiral Thrawn has taken command of the remnants of the Imperial fleet. 
However, Holdo snatches a blaster and frees herself.
Poe explains that the Sith Lord has been planning his revenge for years and that the Sith Eternal cultists have built a massive fleet known as the Final Order.
ime and again, the High Republic has emerged battered and weary, but victorious thank to its Jedi protectors—and there is no monument to their cause grander than the Starlight Beacon.
C-3PO is reunited with his companion R2-D2.
Jiir asks if Basso is ready to go through with their plan. 
Obi-Wan rushes at Dooku, engaging him in a lightsaber duel.
The Baron receives a message from Greck in his home, and is informed that he has Nak in his custody.
But when Han asks her to marry him, Leia finds her answer immediately on her lips…Yes.
After they kiss, Ben smiles at her as he closes his eyes.
Nien Nunb has seen that, and shot them in time. 
Despite his and Lando's confusion, Chewie turns the Falcon around at Leia's insistence and returns to Cloud City.
This scene is a conversation between Luke and his oldest friend, Biggs Darklighter.
As the Imperials pursue the Falcon, the injured Luke telepathically hears the voice of Vader calling to him.
As Luke approaches his X-wing, the ghost form of Obi-Wan confirms that Vader was once Anakin Skywalker, a former Jedi Knight who turned to the dark side of the Force.
Sylvestri Yarrow is on a streak of bad luck with no end of sight.
The three Resistance operatives park their transport on a public beach, antagonizing the Abednedo businessman Slowen Lo, who alerts the Canto Bight Police Department and tells them that the offworlders went to the Canto Casino.
Before lasting peace can be established, an assassination attempt targeting the couple tilts Eiram and E'ronoh back into all-out war.
It is a dark time for the Rebellion.
Finn and the Resistance encounter a pile of rocks which the vulptices are able to slip through but is too small for them.
Meanwhile, Rey continues her conversation with Kylo Ren and demands to know why he hated his father, Han, but he didn't.
The Emperor's chosen apprentice has swiftly proven his loyalty to the dark side.
Back at the Resistance base, Major Temmin Wexley informs General Organa that they have received reports of a raid at the Festival of the Ancestors.
Luke, now fully recovered from the Wampa attack and subsequent exposure, says farewell to Chewbacca and Solo, who have decided to leave the Alliance to resolve their debt to Jabba the Hutt.
Only then does Luke realize that the small green figure is Yoda.
However, a Knight of Ren is watching the Wookiee from behind.
But then, the Resistance team are sucked by quicksand.
Rey sees Finn and Poe, and the three of them embrace.
Luke's envy of Biggs's success conflicts with his duty to his uncle and his reasons for remaining on Tatooine.
Qui-Gon senses a strong presence of the Force in Anakin, and feels that he may be the Chosen One—the one who will fulfill a prophecy by bringing balance to the Force.
Feature the heroic Rey, Sabine Wren of Star Wars Rebels, Senator Padmé Amidala, rebel leader Princess Leia, Rogue One’s Jyn Erso, and Jedi apprentice Ahsoka Tano!
During the film, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Princess Leia Organa are being pursued across space by Darth Vader and his elite forces.
A speeder bike chase ensues, only for Leia to be thrown off her speeder and knocked unconscious.
As Kanos left, Sinn asked him who he would fight now that Jax was dead. 
Jedi Plo Koon and Kit Fisto have successfully removed one of the obstacles holding back their mission to free the Khormai people.
BB-8 soon tells the group that he has not seen Rey.
Once adrift in the aftershocks of the war, Keize has found meaning again, leading the lost soldiers of his unit through to safety.
In the docking bay, Wessel orders the bomber burned open, only to discover a New Republic mess hall droid - and a shocking number of explosives.
At the Sith Citadel, Sidious calls on Rey to embrace the dark side and pledge herself as a Sith while his disciples chant in unison.
Examining the place where the departed Jedi stood, Rayf Ysanna discovers Jedi treasure hidden under Master Ood's roots – a trove of long-forgotten lightsabers!
Many years have passed since the Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker and the Rebel Alliance were victorious over the evil Empire, and the galaxy has been at peace.
In a final confrontation with the Emperor himself, Luke and Leia joined together as Jedi in the Force. Enveloped in light, the Emperor fell victim to his own cataclysmic dark-side energy!
Sinn then tells Jax that Kanos has gone to Yinchorr – which was true.
The Rebel strike force begins its attack on the Death Star, as the space station approaches Yavin-4.
The mad Je'daii Daegen Lok has been freed from his imprisonment on the moon of Bogan and allowed to lead the Je'daii into battle against the Flesh Raiders.
Unbeknownst to them, Anakin and Padmé also make their way there to rescue Obi-Wan. Meanwhile, Representative Binks calls for Chancellor Palpatine to be given emergency powers, with which he can reach the recently discovered clone army into battle.
The two Jedi set off for Port Haileap, determined to figure out where the Nihil have taken their friend.
During this, most of the Rebel craft, including Luke's friend Biggs Darklighter, are picked off by a group of Imperial fighters led by Darth Vader.
Still wanting Jax alive, Sadeet rushes Kanos before he can deliver the killing blow but is killed himself when Kanos reacts too fast to see, impaling Sadeet.
Having received Leia's permission, Rey tells Poe, Chewbacca and C-3PO that they need to travel to the Forbidden Desert of Pasaana.
Poe gets General Organa's permission to lead a starfighter defense.
Despite the Rakatan retreat, the Flesh Raiders continue to fight, and as a result Xesh orders the Je'daii to wipe them all out.
Jedi Master Luke Skywalker is haunted by visions of the dark side, foretelling an ominous secret growing somewhere in the depths of space, on a dead world called Exegol.
But as Thrawn's first command probes deeper into the vast stretch of space his people call the Chaos, he realizes that the mission he has been given is not what it seems.
All these lessons will be put to the ultimate test when Thrawn rises to admiral—and must pit all the knowledge, instincts, and battle forces at his command against an insurgent uprising that threatens not only innocent lives but also the Empire's grip on the galaxy—and his own carefully laid plans for future ascendancy.
