Among the competitors are Haza, a Jawa, and AC-184, one of the first droids to compete.
Expecting as much, Jax is well away when they go off, destroying the massive warship. 
Hunter, Wrecker, Tech, and Omega gamble on a mission to help rebuild Pabu in this thrilling adventure for The Bad Batch.
Now Darth Vader is on his way to the planet to destroy the Rebels, and, neutral or not, the planet itself!
Obi-Wan barely manages to hang on and momentarily dangles for his life.
Han began criticizing the work of the guild. 
Despite the mandate that Obi-Wan travel alone–and his former master's insistence that he listen this time—Anakin's headstrong determination means nothing can stop him from crashing the party, and bringing along a promising but conflicted youngling.
Inside it, she finds the lightsaber that had previously belonged to Anakin Skywalker and his son Luke.
Back on Ahch-To, Rey updates him about the First Order's invasion of the galaxy.
Vader refuses to listen and rants that he has brought order to his "new empire".
Grievous drops his remaining two lightsabers and attempts to flee on his wheel bike, while Obi-Wan pursues on Boga.
Reassuring her student once again, Leia simply says: "tell me when you get back" before handing her the Skywalker lightsaber.
The Viceroy locks the Jedi in the meeting room and attempts to kill them with poison gas while having their ship, the Radiant VII, destroyed in the hangar, but they escape.
On Jakku, a stricken Resurgent Star Destroyer crashes, joining a wrecked Imperial Star Destroyer from the Battle of Jakku.
Sing travelled to Tatooine next, which represented fire (heat).
Tarfful and Chewbacca help Yoda escape the planet.
Sidious uses the Force to throw Rey and Ben to their knees, inadvertently drawing part of their life essences.
With one speech, and thunderous applause, Chancellor Palpatine brought the era of the Republic crashing down. 
Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy....
As the First Order speeds toward the Rebel base, the brave heroes mount a desperate escape....
Vader asks for confirmation that the Millennium Falcon's hyperdrive system was deactivated to prevent their escape, then orders weapons be set to stun.
Stormtrooper Hock sabotages the remnant Separatists from the inside as they defend against Darth Vader's advancing forces, and fights for his life against a figure from his past.
Poe is captured, and Ren decides to interrogate him further back on their ship.
Poe and the surviving Abednedo pilot retreat into the trenches with the surviving soldiers.
When the people of an embattled world plead for help with the Nihil threat, a team of both Republic Defense Coalition members and Jedi—including Ram Jomaram—is sent to their aid.
In the hangar, Leia remarks that Poe is a troublemaker while Holdo remarks that she likes him.
Passing Klaud, a Resistance technician, in the corridor, the trio arrive in their seats just as the Falcon exits hyperspace.
When an Imperial assassin puts Leia in his cross-hairs, Chewbacca crosses the galaxy to take Leia to a place of safety.
Luke and Vader finally enter the Death Star and confront the Emperor, who looks forward to completing Luke's training and believes that while Vader would never turn from the dark side, neither would Luke.
As his children are born, Vader is being rebuilt at the Grand Republic Medical Facility on Coruscant.
As the Empire reels from its critical defeats at the Battle of Endor, the Rebel Alliance—now a fledgling New Republic—presses its advantage by hunting down the enemy's scattered forces before they can regroup and retaliate.
With the fall of Fett broadcast across the galaxy, someone rises to avenge him.
But refuge, it seems, eludes the family when Emperor Palpatine and an AT-AT battalion come hunting for Rebel officers.
The grateful Knights and Padawans of the Jedi Order stationed there finally have a chance to recover—from the pain of their injuries and the grief of their losses.
Jinn tells his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi that even though Force-sensitive beings do not always understand what is being told to them, he is certain the meaning will eventually reveal itself. 
The Jedi fight through the Separatist armada. In the process, Obi-Wan's interceptor is damaged by buzz droids and his astromech, R4-P17, is destroyed.
General Hux informs Allegiant General Pryde that they captured the scavenger's ship but that Rey got away.
Boba Fett makes his first appearance ever in this issue of Classic Star Wars: The Early Adventures!
In the name of the Galactic Senate of the Republic, you're under arrest, Chancellor
He tells Skywalker not to focus too much on the horizon but to pay attention to his immediate needs.
To rally the Jedi Order, and the Republic, Avar and Elzar cling to their belief in serving Light and Life.
However, Darth Vader knows better and orders the fleet to Hoth.
Rey implores Finn not to leave, but instead to help her find the Resistance.
The Naboo and Gungans organize a great victory celebration on the streets of Theed, in front on the palace.
A technician then informs Hux that the TIE fighter was projected to crash on Goazon Badlands, a canyon zone on Jakku.
Loyal proponent of the Republic and trusted ally of the Jedi Order.
Darth Vader may have been redeemed and the Emperor vanquished, but peace can be fleeting, and evil does not easily relent.
As she rises to her feet, Luke tells her that the Force will be with her always.
This special first issue features stories narrated by Mallatobuck, Chewbacca's wife, and Attichitcuk, Chewbacca's father.
Poe then brings their skiff speeder to a halt, causing the pursuing speeder to crash against a rock.
Gaining entrance to Black Sun, Maul works his way to the inner sanctum of the organization—and that's when the destruction begins!
After Lando announces that Luke was on his way, Han attacks his "friend," only to be restrained by Calrissian's security detail.
Han Solo and Chewbacca are depicted as possessing the Millennium Falcon.
Betrayed by their friends and pursued by everyone's favorite bounty hunter, Han and Leia try to escape from Nar Shaddaa.
In sixteen hours, the Sith fleet will embark from Exegol to attack the free worlds.
When the Millennium Falcon comes out of hyperspace, it has come out right in the middle of mined asteroid field.
Even as the Jedi battle valiantly against calamity, something truly deadly grows beyond the boundary of the Republic.
Convinced of the Rebels' good intentions, the Ewoks set them free and later that evening make them "part of the tribe," thereby agreeing to join the fight against the Empire.
Meanwhile, Rey uses the beacon to track down her Resistance comrades' movements.
The fight is cut short when Qui-Gon escapes his black-robed assailant by jumping on board the Naboo Royal Starship as it takes off.
Here, Imperial commerce rules, often backed by formidable private military forces. 
Following the shocking destruction of Starlight Beacon, the Nihil establish an impenetrable barrier called the Stormwall around part of the Outer Rim, where Marchion Ro rules and his followers wreak havoc at his every whim.
But Captain Heren still has one trick left to play—and it will result in a dangerous surprise for Jedi Master K'Kruhk, who is half a galaxy away and who believes himself to be out of peril.
Thrawn's latest triumph still rests newly on his shoulders.
Using the power of the Force, Luke is able to pull his lightsaber out of the snow and to himself.
However, one guardsman survived the encounter with Skywalker and learned about the intrigue surrounding the Interim Ruling Council - including Carnor Jax's scheme to become Emperor and the sabotage of Palpatine's clones by his physician.
He agrees with Flynn's proposed course of action, having been horrifically injured by Grievous at Nadiem.
With the last of his strength, he climbs up to the cliff where he trained Rey and stares out towards Ahch-To's binary sunset, similar to the one he saw on Tatooine thirty-four years earlier, before he became a Jedi.
Luke uses his lightsaber to cut Fett's blaster in half, and Chewbacca pushes the bounty hunter onto the deck.
In a desperate attempt to save himself, Sedriss takes the young woman Jem Ysanna captive.
As the fleet rises, Sidious offers to give Ren command of what he calls the Final Order in return for killing Rey, the last Jedi, and thus ending the Jedi Order and becoming what his grandfather, Vader, could not.
Ren angrily accuses Finn of being a traitor.
Alongside his bones is a dagger that Rey senses has a dark past, while 3PO recognizes that it is inscribed with the ancient language of the Sith and is unable to translate due to restrictions on his programming dating back to the Galactic Senate of the Old Republic.
Enraged, Ren destroys his helmet by violently smashing it to pieces against the walls of an elevator, before setting out in his personal TIE silencer to attack the Resistance fleet.
Palpatine and Vader arrived to meet and inspect the latest batch of trainees. 
In the Chancellor's office within the Imperial Senate Building, Yoda confronts Palpatine.
Allegiant General Enric Pryde refutes these concerns, stating that the resources of the First Order will be increased ten thousand fold by the incorporation of the Sith fleet into their own ranks.
Han says that she has maintained her castle for over a thousand years, where she runs a bustling cantina.
Elsewhere on Jakku, a scavenger named Rey traverses the corridors of a downed Imperial-class Star Destroyer at the Graveyard of Giants.
The droid's Human and Wookiee friends are taken prisoner, and the Ewoks proclaim Han to be the main course in a banquet in C-3PO's honor.
Things go wrong almost immediately, as Phee's droid blows the crew’s cover at a high-stakes auction, and they barely make it out with the relic they'd been paid to acquire.
Shocked, Jax reminds Kanos that his friends wanted him alive. 
As Poe speaks, the Resistance pilots climb into their starfighters and starships including the CR90 corvette Tantive IV.
Dooku puts away his lightsaber.
So the Council dispatches Jedi Knight Indara to track down Vernestra to deliver the urgent message that a Republic senator has formally requested Jedi assistance, asking for Vernestra’s aid by name.
Set before the events of Solo: A Star Wars Story!
Luke explains that he he sensed the darkness growing in Ren.
When the job goes disastrously wrong, Han and Qi'ra are on the run–from pirates, a droid crime syndicate, the Empire, and their boss–and will have to learn to trust each other if they are going to survive.
With its leader, its strength has returned, and its Star Destroyers and TIE squadrons lurk in the darkness between stars, carrying out the fallen Emperor's final edict of destruction—as well as another, stranger mission, one Keize has championed not for the dying Empire, but for its loyal soldiers.
Ren asks the Dark Lord who Rey is as thunder crackles.
He meets with Master Tone and Codi there, and they begin planning their attack on Grievous. 
His life is narrowly saved by Han, who uses Chewbacca's bowcaster to blast FN-2199 at the last second.
Basso takes advantage of the firefight to head towards the Tantive IV.
Members of the Path believe that the Force must be free and should not be used by anyone, not even the Jedi.
Eventually, Han, Leia, and Chewbacca gain access to the bunker.
Mon Mothma, Saw Gerrera, and Bail Organa face the encroaching darkness.
Luke then jumps onto another of the accompanying skiffs to fight off the thugs there.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far, away. . . . The First Order has the Resistance on the run.
The criminal organization Black Sun is feared across the galaxy.
Following Rey's departure aboard the Falcon, Luke returns to the Tree library with a torch, intending to destroy the ancient Jedi texts.
OOM-9 has his tanks fire first, but seeing them fail to penetrate the powerful shield, orders them to cease fire.
Obi-Wan intervenes and demands Vader to release Padmé, but Vader still chokes her unconscious.
She manages to track them down by following a group of vulptices.
Kenobi appears, pursued by STAPs, which are destroyed by Qui-Gon.
Flynn goes to the Jedi Council and proposes that a Jedi strike team target Grievous and kill him. 
On Coruscant, Anakin tells Palpatine that General Grievous has been found on Utapau.
And an old friend of Krennic's, the brilliant scientist Galen Erso, could be the key.
The Imperial Navy has arrived and Agent Cross has been officially told to stand down from his mission overseeing the election of a regent for the young Duke of Serenno.
As the door opens, Obi-Wan and Vader exit the mining facility and head outside.
There, Han and Leia's twin children, Jacen and Jaina, have been secreted since birth from the prying eyes of the Emperor...
Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt.
But the Resistance has been exposed.
As the stormtroopers search for Kanos, they are killed one by one by the unseen Kanos.
Luke replies no as the two draw their blades.
When Marda and Kevmo meet, their connection is instantaneous and electric―until Marda discovers Kevmo is a Jedi.
Meanwhile, Jax is en route to Phaeda aboard the Emperor's Revenge, and swears that if Shev has compromised the capture of Kanos, he will crush Shev... 
Together, the royal heirs of both planets—Phan-tu Zenn and Xiri A'lbaran—working alongside the Jedi, have uncovered evidence that the conflict is being orchestrated by outside forces, and all signs point to the mysterious Path of the Open Hand, whom the Jedi also suspect of causing the disaster on Jedha.
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi have discovered the dastardly plot of Count Dooku—the entire population of the planet Kiros are in danger!
After killing the clone trooper, Jango Fett finds out that his target had a wife and a one-year-old child named Connor Freeman.
Maul appears just as the group is leaving the planet, and duels with Qui-Gon.
The cunning strategist has gathered the powerful remnants of the Empire's war machine, preparing to execute the late Emperor Palpatine's final plan.
Vos offers Qi'ra an opportunity she's never had before: the chance to build something resembling a comfortable life if she can prove her worth to his organization.
In celebration, the chancellor plans "The Republic Fair," a showcase of the possibility and peace of the expanding Republic—a precept the Jedi hope to foster.
R2-D2 has absconded from his new master, Luke Skywalker. Early in the morning, Luke and Threepio rush off in the landspeeder to search for R2, with Threepio driving the landspeeder.
The first Star Wars live-action series follows a bounty hunter and lone warrior from the planet Mandalore.
The FIRST ORDER reigns.
In space, General Hux orders the destruction of the Resistance medical frigate Anodyne.
Back aboard the Finalizer, Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka informs Kylo Ren that the droid escaped on a stolen freighter and that it was aided by the deserter FN-2187.
Vader leads the 501st Legion to the Temple.
But thanks to Luke's Jedi sister Leia Organa Solo, Han Solo, and other good friends, Luke was rescued and the Empire's terrible World Devastator weapons were destroyed.
BB-8 spots the Master Codebreaker dancing with "Lovey" and alerts Finn and Rose.
Eighty million Togruta from the planet of Kiros have suddenly disappeared!
Elsewhere, Grievous, now both the political and military leader of the Separatists, arrives on Utapau, where Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray, Geonosian Archduke Poggle the Lesser, Techno Union head of state and Foreman Wat Tambor, and others on the Separatist Council remain in hiding.
When Organa explains that she is on a mission to deliver medical supplies and spare parts to the Ralltiiri High Council, he explains that the council has been dissolved for treason.
Poe leads the Exegol landing team towards the navigation tower on Exegol's surface.
Luke escapes before an AT-AT can step on and crush his ship.
Three weeks prior to the Battle of Yavin, Prince Leia Organa visits the Imperial–occupied world of Ralltiir.
No sooner does the call for help go out than the Jedi race to the scene.
Both Sinn and Sadeet are injured, but the distraction has allowed Kanos to clamber back onto the platform and impale Jax on his blade.
Obi-Wan is overcome with disgust and sadness at the pitiful fate of "The Chosen One," and is reduced nearly to tears.
Meanwhile, on the planet's surface, former Rebel fighter Norra Wexley has returned to her native world—war weary, ready to reunite with her estranged son, and eager to build a new life in some distant place.
And still others, whose lives were destroyed by Palpatine's machinations, lay scattered about the galaxy like unexploded bombs, waiting to go off. . . .
Fewer people know is that before that fateful battle, Luke and Biggs were childhood friends. 
In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate.
Before the Mounted Police can catch up with them, they are picked up by DJ and BB-8, who have stolen the luxury yacht Libertine.
To ensure the Ascendancy's future, Thrawn will delve deep into its past, uncovering the dark secrets surrounding the ascension of the First Ruling Family.
Upon her arrival at Yinchorr with Sadeet, they discover the ruins of the Emperor's Revenge and absently question whether it is Kanos or Jax who may truly be in need of assistance. 
If there was ever a time for the members of J-Squadron to step up and become heroes, this is it!
He is soon joined by Calrissian who confides that neither were he, Luke, Han or Leia during the days of the Rebellion and says who is ever ready.
Enraged, Chewbacca, Rey, and Finn start firing at Ren and the stormtroopers.
He leaves Gunray until last, slicing the Neimoidian across the chest even as he pleads for his life. It is at this point that the first physical manifestation of the dark side in Vader begins to show itself, as his irises turn a pallid yellow, the rest of his eyes taking on a bright crimson hue.
With the help of a traitorous trooper and her acerbic droid, she begins to gather a colorful band of outcasts and misfits, and embarks on a mission to spark the fire of resistance on Batuu—before the First Order snuffs it out entirely.
He wants to acquire the MT-5 units, and the Baron will not sell them to him because Torba plans to use them for military purposes.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker and his small band of Jedi have the critical task of protecting Leia's children, who are the future of the Jedi.
However, Vader knows this because he could sense that his son was with them and allows them to land on the planet.
Luke Skywalker, in the meantime, had found clues in the Jedi Holocron which made him believe that some Jedi Knights might have survived Darth Vader's program of extermination.
Worry not, Leia!
As they approach Grievous's flagship, Obi-Wan reminds Anakin their shields are still up, so Anakin breaks formation and attacks a shield generator, knocking out the shields on the docking bay of the ship.
In response, Ren brutally chokes the General to death through the Force and lifts his body to the ceiling without even looking at him.
Shadow Wing is no longer wounded prey fleeing the hunters of the New Republic.
He and Windu agree that they should nevertheless closely monitor the Senate.
Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and the droids, meanwhile, fall into a booby trap set by the Ewoks.
Frightened by her vision, Rey runs into the woods with BB-8.
En route, they will visit Nar Shaddaa in hopes of finding Vima-Da-Boda, the old woman who gave Leia an ancient Jedi lightsaber.
Boba Fett has dispatched Darth Vader's thugs with ease, but now the Dark Lord himself has arrived to claim the strange little box in Fett's possession.
Alphabet Squadron's hunt for the deadliest TIE fighters in the galaxy continues in this Star Wars adventure!
After a battle with the rancor (which devours the fallen guard), Luke ultimately kills the monster by crushing it under the gate of its compound, piercing its neck with the spikes at the bottom of the gate.
