Darth Sidious boasts that he is all the Sith, but Rey retorts that she is all the Jedi.
As part of this effort, Han and Chewbacca escort two droids, Bollux and Blue Max, to the planet Orron III, where they meet with Rekkon, the leader of the missing persons search.
A group of X-wing, and Y-wing starfighters, Luke among them, assault a trench on the Death Star's surface to hit the station's vulnerable spot before it can destroy the Alliance's base.
BB-8 excitedly volunteers to take up the mantle, which Rey dismisses. Leia kindly reminds her never to underestimate a droid.
The lava cuts off a collection arm attached to the main structure.
During the race, the pilot ends up rescuing Haza from krayt dragons and realizes that Sebulba had sabotaged the entire race by placing mines, disabling podracers and placing a restraining bolt on AC-184.
Obi-Wan calls Anakin strong and wise and tells Anakin he's very proud of him and while Obi-Wan trained him since Anakin was a boy, he calls Anakin a far greater Jedi than Obi-Wan could hope to be.
When Padmé Amidala steps down from her position as Queen of Naboo, she is ready to set aside her title and return to life out of the spotlight.
Anakin is angry and disappointed.
Dooku attempts to escape, but Obi-Wan and Anakin track him to a secret hangar.
Later, on Canto Bight, the stable children regale themselves with a story about Luke's adventures.
Rey has journeyed to the remote planet Ahch-To to ask legendary Jedi Luke Skywalker to lend his aid to the Resistance, but Luke has closed himself off to the Force and the rest of the galaxy.
Sparing one last glance at Luke, Obi-Wan allows himself to be struck down by Vader, thus becoming one with the Force and allowing Luke and the others to escape.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker visits the Falcon where he finds Han Solo's dice, a memento to his fallen friend.
He finds Grievous on the Tenth Level.
Set in the time between Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith, this new series will focus on the legendary Clone Wars!
An Imperial Star Destroyer, dispatched by the Sith Lord Darth Vader, continuing his quest for Luke Skywalker, launches thousands of probe droids across the galaxy, one of which lands on Hoth and begins its survey of the planet.
A mysterious former Sith wanders the galaxy.
Hoping that the stolen plans can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy, Princess Leia Organa, who is in custody of the plans, attempts to race home aboard the Tantive IV.
Rey grabs Kylo Ren's lightsaber with the Force but the Elite Praetorian Guards flash their weapons.
He angrily shouts that Vader has failed in his life and destiny, and has hurt all those who loved him, including Obi-Wan himself.
Rey walks past several statues and machines into a tunnel.
Poe Dameron has always wanted to fly.
He catches up with the General and jumps onto his wheel bike.
But to seek out the Nihil's dangerous leader the Jedi will have to survive the Nameless terrors that they have thus far been powerless to stop.
Now that the Jedi council knows of Dooku's army, Jedi Master Mace Windu leads a battalion of Jedi to Geonosis.
Cross's mission takes him and his assistant IN-GA 44 to the affluent Corporate Sector.
He then uses the Force to levitate her and force her to watch the destruction of the Resistance fleet through a viewport.
For her role in the deadly ambush, Grand Admiral Rae Sloane is the most wanted Imperial war criminal—and one-time rebel pilot Norra Wexley, back in service at Leia's urgent request, is leading the hunt.
He answers, "Father...", while Vader telepathically calls, "Son, come with me".
The rebels load whatever equipment they can onto transports and plan a rear-guard action to secure their escape.
The strike team lands on Endor only to be discovered by Imperial scout troopers.
When he asks her what is their plan, Holdo reminds Poe of his demotion and dismisses him as a "hot-head" pilot whose recklessness she deems a liability.
However, Hux guns down the firing squad and tells a surprised Poe and Finn that he was the spy within the First Order that Finn and Poe had received information from.
In Ryo Fortress, General Rajivari oversees the battle despite criticism from Baron Volnos Ryo, and upon learning of the successful attack on the Annihilators, he orders Masters Tave, Quan-Jang, and Tem Madog to launch their primary assault against the Rakatan forces.
Vice-Admiral Holdo orders the transports to continue their journey to Crait.
Yolan Bren survives the ordeal because other rebels had stormed the palace (disobeying orders in doing so) and save him after Fett leaves Solem. 
A fierce dogfight ensues and results in the destruction of many First Order TIE fighters and the deaths of many stormtroopers from X-wing strafing runs.
Before Ventress is out of range, she blasts away the supports of the slave base, and the head guard is outraged and shocked to see that he has been betrayed by Ventress.
Believing that it is too dangerous, Leia initially refuses to support the mission.
The Je'daii must win this battle—even if it means the end of their order.
In the war for control of the galaxy between the armies of the dark side and the Republic, former Jedi Master turned ruthless Sith Lord Count Dooku has grown ever more brutal in his tactics.
Rey attacks Finn, believing him to be a thief.
Finn watches as Chewbacca is led aboard an Atmospheric Assault Lander.
Jedi Master Vernestra Rwoh has spent years exploring the Outer Rim as a Wayseeker, answering to no authority but the Force itself.
In the past, Cross had the power and authority of the Empire behind him.
Padawan Reath Silas is being sent from the cosmopolitan galactic capital of Coruscant to the undeveloped frontier:—and he couldn't be less happy about it.
On Tatooine, Rey flies the Millennium Falcon past a Jawa sandcrawler.
After handing Han's lucky dice to Leia, Luke walks out through the gate to confront Ren and the First Order while C-3PO and the rest of the Resistance look on.
The queen later announces to Palpatine that she will return to their home planet to repel the invasion of her people by herself.
After a lengthy duel, Maul suddenly stuns Qui-Gon by hitting him on the chin with his lightsaber handle, then rams his blade straight into Qui-Gon's torso, mortally wounding him.
Watching the battle, Finn wants to help but Poe realizes that Skywalker is buying them time to escape.
Luke then catches sight of the Force ghosts of Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, and Anakin Skywalker.
The next day, the Rebels attempt to locate the shield generator, and the Rebel fleet enters hyperspace from Sullust to prepare for the final attack.
They find that the planet is surrounded by various obstacles including magnetic crossfields, gravity wells, and solar winds.
As the heroes escape on Ochi's ship, the group makes the decision to use the passage device to board the Steadfast and recapture the Falcon and save Chewie.
As the Flesh Raider soldiers of the Empire make their way through the swamps around Ryo Fortress, Xesh ambushes a group and engages them in battle.
Ronin: A Visions Novel is the unabridged audio version of the non-canon novel of the same name.
Only General Leia Organa's band of RESISTANCE fighters stand against the rising tyranny, certain that Jedi Master Luke Skywalker will return and restore a spark of hope to the fight.
News of the New Republic's victory still reverberates through the galaxy.
The Resistance is in ruins.
Leia claims she and the ship's crew were on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan, but is disbelieved by Vader, who denounces her as a traitor and has her taken prisoner.
But the real targets of the attack are the new Emperor and his second in command, Darth Vader.
Ozzel intended to catch the Rebels unaware before they could set up their defenses.
Anakin Skywalker has become a slave once again! But he's not just any slave - he's the personal pet of the beautiful Queen Miraj of Zygerria.
At this, Nak apologizes profusely for the way he had treated C-3PO and R2-D2.
Heading into Chewbacca's detention block, they shoot the cameras.
Meanwhile, on Ahch-To, Rey burns Kylo Ren's TIE whisper, intending to exile herself to the oceanic world.
The Resistance has been reborn.
Jannah insists that she stay with Finn.
What Marda doesn't realize is that the leader of the Path, a charismatic woman known only as the Mother, has an agenda of her own, and it is one that can never coexist peacefully with the Jedi.
Vader fumes that those who are against him are his enemies and engages Obi-Wan in a ferocious duel between Master and Apprentice.
The Resistance team is soon joined by a group of humans riding orbak led by Jannah, who asks if they are from the Resistance.
In light of Kylo Ren's failure to kill Rey, Pryde, a loyal Imperial who had served the Emperor during the time of the "old wars," pledges himself to the Sith Lord once again.
Meanwhile, Norra Wexley and her band of rebels pursue Admiral Rae Sloane and the remaining Imperial leadership across the galaxy.
Half-mad with regret, he is forced to give the invaders the knowledge they need to defeat Xesh's Je'daii friends—and enslave the entire planet!
Palpatine is among the candidates to become the new Supreme Chancellor.
As the superlaser burns through the gate of the Crait base, Kylo Ren orders his forces to storm the base and show no quarter to the Resistance.
Rose mistakes Finn for a deserter.
When Beaumont proposes the "Holdo maneuver," Finn disagrees since that move is one in a million and says that fighters and freighters can take out their cannons if there are enough of them.
The Jedi and their traveling companions find refuge on what appears to be an abandoned space station.
Ren wants to use the device as a guide in his hunt for the source of the broadcast, which he perceives as a threat to his power.
How is Mattis supposed to be the next Poe Dameron when he and his squad mates spend more time in trouble than flying X-wings?
Set after Return of the Jedi, Alphabet Squadron follows a unique team, each flying a different class of starfighter as they struggle to end their war once and for all.
Rey tells everyone to grab hold of something, but it doesn't work.
On Kijimi, Kylo Ren oversees a manhunt but senses that Rey is close.
Desperate to take action, senators are calling for the election of a First Senator.
While the Raddus travels through hyperspace, General Organa grieves over the loss of Han.
The test is a success and Hosnian Prime, the current elected home of the Galactic Senate, all other astronomical bodies in the system, and an unknown percentage of the New Republic fleet are annihilated by the First Order's superweapon.
But when Lando turns up at Han's doorstep in the middle of the night, it's Fyzen's assassins that he's running from.
Aayla orders the clone to stay put, and she goes alone to the Separatist base, after some long radio silence, the clone adventures into the base looking to find Secura.
Both Obi-Wan and Yoda survive Order 66 and are picked up by Senator Organa, having evaded pursuit.
It is the Age of the Empire.
Board the Millennium Falcon for a galactic adventure that explores the story of one of Star Wars greatest heroes!
But his last clone body is rapidly nearing its end, its life span shortened by the volcanic anger he feels toward the Jedi and the Rebel Alliance.
The navigation tower is deactivated, forcing Finn to call off the ground invasion.
Sidious becomes hideously deformed; his face becomes deathly pale and sagged, his teeth become yellow and rotten, his fingernails become long and dirty, and his eyes turn burning yellow with blood-red rims.
As Finn prepares for the action and heads to the gunner cockpit, Boolio tells him to win the war before heading off.
Finn manages to deal him a glancing wound, but nonetheless Ren quickly overpowers the former stormtrooper and deals him a grievous injury to his back.
During the travel in hyperspace, the Falcon experiences a problem with its hyperdrive, but Rey demonstrates her knowledge of ships by bypassing the compressor and fixing the issue.
Meanwhile, R2-D2 aids them from the hangar bay while simultaneously incinerating a pair of super battle droids, using fuel and his thrusters.
However, the woman has shot Orrk, and Han pulled him down, which resulted in his death.
Vader is disappointed and retreats to his secret quarters in his Star Destroyer, ignoring Piett's failure.
Battles will be fought, alliances will be forged, and the Resistance will be reborn.
As Luke climbs onto a balcony, Vader throws his lightsaber at his son.
This enthralling follow up to Path of Deceit finds cousins Marda and Yana Ro bound by blood but driven apart by faith.
While searching for a new hyperdrive generator, they befriend young Anakin Skywalker, a slave boy, whose master is Watto, a Toydarian junk dealer.
If ever he needed the wisdom of Obi-Wan Kenobi to shepherd him through danger, it's now.
The classic adaptation of the second Star Wars movie continues as Luke's Jedi training with Yoda progresses, and the Rebels' fight against the Empire takes a turn for the worse as Han Solo gets himself into a rather sticky situation.
While in the Senate, Sabé is equally horrified by the machinations that happen there.
A peaceful scientist has created a device capable of turning a planetary wasteland into a paradise, but the Empire has exactly the opposite in mind!
But Luke decides the time has come to leave Endor and face Darth Vader.
The Fulminatrix and the Cobalt Hammer are destroyed in the ensuing explosions.
He needs to know what his destiny holds, and whether the Jedi are involved.
Accompanied by Jedi Knights Bell Zettifar, Burryaga, and Vernestra Rwoh, the Jedi begin their hunt for Marchion Ro.
Rogue Squadron arrives at Phaeda to aid the New Republic forces after surviving an attack by Colonel Shev and orbital bombardment by Carnor Jax.
Finn tells them that the hatches are sealed and that they are facing opposition.
Finn and Rose approach the superlaser siege cannon, which begins powering up.
The ship is in major need of repairs, so Finn, Rey and BB-8 begin working to fix it.
Once the memory wipe is complete, 3PO reboots with a completely empty memory.
Despite her anguish, Padmé refuses to reveal where her husband has gone.
On Coruscant, Anakin is praised for his heroics.
Dameron also tells him that the map vital to the Resistance was located within his astromech droid.
Poe's X-wing quickly takes out the dreadnought's point-defense cannons.
Vader comments to the others, "If he was your best, you are not yet fit to serve the Emperor".
Obi-Wan transmits his findings to the Council, relayed by way of Anakin and Padmé's ship, though he is surrounded by droidekas and captured before he can finish his report.
When Motti mocks Vader's belief in the Force, Vader Force chokes him until Tarkin orders him to stop, and expresses his own desire to crush the Rebellion.
Using the Force to retrieve Luke's lightsaber, she crosses blades and uses them to push back the Dark Lord's Force lightning attack.
Inside, she finds the Sacred Jedi texts.
Merkon offered to share Jax's bounty with Sinn and Sadeet, who refused.
Grievous is uncertain about this, given Count Dooku's death.
Unable to convince Luke to join the Resistance, Rey leaves Ahch-To without him to confront Ren, hoping to turn him to the light side, succeeding where Luke failed.
Obi-Wan, unable to believe what he is hearing, prepares to fight.
Marda and Yana belong to the Path of the Open Hand, a group led by a charismatic woman called the Mother, which believes the Force must not be used by anyone.
Fett's firepower finds its mark, and the seriously damaged ''Falcon'' careens into a radioactive, interstellar gas cloud.
Obi-Wan reaches Qui-Gon moments before he dies, as Qui-Gon instructs Obi-Wan to train Anakin to become a Jedi, reiterating that Anakin is the Chosen One.
He goes to war with one Imperial faction, even as Leia Organa Solo receives an invitation to meet with emissaries from another.
When Finn asks Hux about his motives, he tells them that he wasn't doing it to help the Resistance, but rather because he didn't want Kylo Ren to win.
Unexpectedly, Sedriss confronts a new adversary – the withered old "tree" is in fact an intelligent being – Master Ood Bnar, a 5000-year-old Neti Jedi!
Shaken by the destruction, Finn re-evaluates his choice to leave.
Sloane, increasingly wary of the mysterious fleet admiral, desperately searches for a means to save the crumbling Empire from oblivion.
After Finn leaves, Rey hears the screaming of a young girl.
The First Order storms the base, but are too late to prevent the remaining Resistance fighters from escaping aboard the Falcon, albeit not before Ren shares another force bond moment with Rey, who eventually shuts him out, much to his dismay.
He then states that "in order to ensure the security and continued stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire," which Palpatine describes as creating a safe and secure society.
Holdo gives a brief rousing speech before dismissing them to their posts.
As Luke returns to Pinnacle Base, Darkside Executor Sedriss is going forward with Operation Shadow Hand.
In part three of "Betrayal," Darth Vader has landed on a distant world to track down a mysterious Jedi.
But Salla Zend and Shug Ninx pull together a group of smugglers to come to the aid of the Rebels.
The child jumps on Orrk's leg, throwing him off-balance.
As the galaxy's perpetual cycle of violence continues to interrupt his self-imposed exile, and he is forced to duel an enigmatic bandit claiming the title of Sith, it becomes clear that no amount of wandering will ever let him outpace the specters of his former life.
Ren raises his blade, but the threat seems to leave Sidious unfazed.
Poe tries to convince Zorii to leave, but she turns down his offer.
It's up to Anakin Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and Togruta Padawan Ahsoka Tano to find the lost population.
Rey then makes her way through Starkiller Base, honing her Force abilities while using stealth.
Jax also learned of Kanos's survival after an encounter between the remaining Royal Guards and Luke Skywalker and an inexperienced Ysanna Jedi who failed to kill the guardsman who knew of Jax's treachery. 
When the Jedi Council orders her to return to Coruscant, Vernestra ignores the summons, feeling that her priority is the beings she’s already serving.
As Rey and her friends head back to the Falcon, a stormtrooper finds them but is quickly shot by a mysterious figure.
When DJ asks for a price, Rose and Finn promise that the Resistance can pay him later.
In encyclopedic format, Crimson Empire Handbook expands on the characters and events of the Crimson Empire and Crimson Empire II: Council of Blood miniseries.
Temiri releases the fathiers, creating a stampede that allows Finn and Rose to escape through the streets of Canto Bight.
But thousands of light-years away, the last of the Emperor's warlords, Grand Admiral Thrawn, has taken command of the remains of the Imperial fleet.
Maul is successful in completing the trial, and directly after Darth Sidious informs him of a task.
In Otoh Gunga, the Jedi meet the Gungan leader, Boss Nass, and ask him to help the people of Naboo, but Nass refuses due to hate of the people of Naboo and sends them off in a bongo submarine.
Luke angrily destroys Rey's hut with the Force and demands that she leave Ahch-To immediately, but Rey attacks him in her rage.
He knocks Grievous down, and a brawl ensues, during which Kenobi tears open the General's chest plates, revealing his living organs.
Upon Merkon's return to the New Republic base, Sinn and Sadeet confront him, now fully-aware of Merkon's betrayal.
